index,responseid,DeviceUsage,VantageUsage,OSAT,WHYOSAT,WHYOSATen,MultiAgreement_1,MultiAgreement_2,MultiAgreement_3,MultiAgreement_4,SupportTime,SupportOSAT,SupportWhyOSAT,SupportWhyOSATen,Objective,Objective_9_other,ObjectiveenOther,ObjectiveAchieved,SupportImprovements,SupportImprovementsen,SmartPerfAware,SmartPerfMarketing,SmartPerfAgreement_1,SmartPerfAgreement_2,SmartPerfComments,SmartPerfCommentsen,SmartPrivvyAware,SmartPrivvyMarketing,SmartPrivvyAgreement_1,SmartPrivvyAgreement_2,SmartPrivvyComments,SmartPrivvyCommentsen,FinalThoughts,FinalThoughtsen,Country,Region
0,347983,Regularly - Every day,Frequently - Once a week,0,"It's filled with bloatware that still runs in the background and hogs up memory even though they've been disabled. Like smart privacy and smart performance. Wifi security is opt-out which it shouldn't be because it's a cloud service, or it should at least be asked while setting up lenovo vantage. smart performance also scans weekly by default even though it's disabled, which is a useless waste of resources.","It's filled with bloatware that still runs in the background and hogs up memory even though they've been disabled. Like smart privacy and smart performance. Wifi security is opt-out which it shouldn't be because it's a cloud service, or it should at least be asked while setting up lenovo vantage. smart performance also scans weekly by default even though it's disabled, which is a useless waste of resources.",Agree,Strongly disagree,Strongly disagree,Disagree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,Yes,,Strongly disagree,Strongly disagree,"It's bullshit, and scans weekly by default. It sucks.","It's bullshit, and scans weekly by default. It sucks.",Yes,,Strongly disagree,Strongly disagree,"It's bullshit, your privacy fingerprint just becomes very unique when you start using lenovo stuff. And I think the ""award winning"" is false advertising.","It's bullshit, your privacy fingerprint just becomes very unique when you start using lenovo stuff. And I think the ""award winning"" is false advertising.","Make me able to use the ""commercial""/enterprise version on my ideapad. I might even be willing to pay a one time fee for it. The kind of people that hate lenovo vantage's bloat won't purchase anything through it anyways, so if you sell them the bloat free enterprise version you can still make some money from them.","Make me able to use the ""commercial""/enterprise version on my ideapad. I might even be willing to pay a one time fee for it. The kind of people that hate lenovo vantage's bloat won't purchase anything through it anyways, so if you sell them the bloat free enterprise version you can still make some money from them.",BELGIUM,EMEA
1,353054,Regularly - Every day,Frequently - Once a week,7,"Currently, I am using LENOVO ideapad slim 3, and recently jus upgraded the OS to Windows 11. Unfortunately, I experienced some glitch after using it, such as: my webcam camera suddenly lock itself into privacy mode. Is it normal? how can I reverse the system back to windows 10 again? Or should I still using the windows 11 while waiting another updates?","Currently, I am using LENOVO ideapad slim 3, and recently jus upgraded the OS to Windows 11. Unfortunately, I experienced some glitch after using it, such as: my webcam camera suddenly lock itself into privacy mode. Is it normal? how can I reverse the system back to windows 10 again? Or should I still using the windows 11 while waiting another updates?",Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,>60 days,,,,,,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,,,INDONESIA,APAC
2,371550,Regularly - Every day,Frequently - Once a week,9,useful features at a click of a button. offers more privacy control and user ability.,useful features at a click of a button. offers more privacy control and user ability.,Strongly agree,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,,,SOUTH AFRICA,EMEA
3,388510,Frequently - Once a week,Frequently - Once a week,5,33€ / Jahr für Systemoptimierung? Und nochmal 42€ für Smart Privacy? Nicht ihr Ernst.,33€ / year for system optimization? And another 42€ for Smart Privacy? Not serious.,Agree,Disagree,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,No,No,,,,,No,No,,,,,Wäre alles ganz Okay wenn es nicht so wahnsinnig teuer wäre.,Everything would be okay if it wasn't so incredibly expensive.,GERMANY,EMEA
4,390588,Regularly - Every day,Frequently - Once a week,6,Preferirei qualcosa in meno rispetto ai 20 processi in esecuzione e ai 250MB di RAM occupati. Ho anche qualche preoccupazione per quanto riguarda la privacy.,I would prefer something less than 20 running processes and 250MB of RAM occupied. I also have some privacy concerns.,Agree,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,Agree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,,,ITALY,EMEA
5,393358,Regularly - Every day,Frequently - Once a week,10,"When use lenovo vantage i think i can turn on/off the camera privacy easily and if lenovo want to give this laptop an upgrade in lenovo vantage i think it""s very usefull tools.","When use lenovo vantage i think i can turn on/off the camera privacy easily and if lenovo want to give this laptop an upgrade in lenovo vantage i think it""s very usefull tools.",Strongly agree,Neither agree or disagree,Agree,Strongly agree,Last 7 days,Extremely satisfied,fast respond and i think the responces is nice from service center,fast respond and i think the responces is nice from service center,Access documents such as user guides or manuals,,,"Yes, objective complete",,,No,Yes,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,,,INDONESIA,APAC
6,412084,Frequently - Once a week,Frequently - Once a week,10,I liked the troubleshooting and laptop health monitoring tools. It is easy to set privacy permission for using components such as microphone and camera through Lenovo Vantage taskbar shortcut.,I liked the troubleshooting and laptop health monitoring tools. It is easy to set privacy permission for using components such as microphone and camera through Lenovo Vantage taskbar shortcut.,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,Yes,,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,,,Yes,,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,,,,,INDIA,APAC
7,413918,Regularly - Every day,Regularly - Every day,9,"Personally I love the Battery System Lenovo Vantage provides. Battery Threshold allows me to let my laptop plugged in without worry of keeping my battery at a higher charged state. And other battery statistics like no. of cycles, manufacturing date, battery health, capacity status etc... All are very useful. Moreover, stuff such as turning off mic and camera via just a click, provides peace of mind and privacy. Plus i can receive various updates required for my system.","Personally I love the Battery System Lenovo Vantage provides. Battery Threshold allows me to let my laptop plugged in without worry of keeping my battery at a higher charged state. And other battery statistics like no. of cycles, manufacturing date, battery health, capacity status etc... All are very useful. Moreover, stuff such as turning off mic and camera via just a click, provides peace of mind and privacy. Plus i can receive various updates required for my system.",Agree,Agree,Strongly agree,Agree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,Yes,,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,,,Yes,,Agree,Agree,,,,,PAKISTAN,APAC
8,440557,Regularly - Every day,Only as needed - When computer prompts,3,Seems to be an invasion of my on line privacy.,Seems to be an invasion of my on line privacy.,Disagree,Disagree,Disagree,Strongly disagree,>60 days,,,,,,,,,,No,No,,,,,No,No,,,,,Why won't this computer run the Linux Mint operating system?? Dell and MSI computers run Linux Mint. I am unable to get any help with this question. I guess Lenovo is getting a kick back from Microsoft to run only a Windows operating system.,Why won't this computer run the Linux Mint operating system?? Dell and MSI computers run Linux Mint. I am unable to get any help with this question. I guess Lenovo is getting a kick back from Microsoft to run only a Windows operating system.,UNITED STATES,AMER
9,452677,Regularly - Every day,Regularly - Every day,10,"its good to have a direct option for privacy like microphone,camera turn on or off.","its good to have a direct option for privacy like microphone,camera turn on or off.",Strongly agree,Strongly disagree,Neither agree or disagree,Disagree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,Yes,,Strongly disagree,Strongly disagree,this must be free of its kind.,this must be free of its kind.,Yes,,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,,,,,INDIA,APAC
10,453018,Regularly - Every day,Frequently - Once a week,10,تطبيق رائع جدا دائما يساعدني على تحديث جهازي و تعديل الكثير من الأشياء مثل الكاميرا و الصوت ... إلخ و أيضا يقدم لي التطبيق الحماية و الخصوصية مع ميزة إقفال الكاميرا,"Very cool app It always helps me to update my device and adjust a lot of things like camera, sound...etc. And the application also offers me protection and privacy with the camera lock feature",Strongly agree,Agree,Agree,Strongly agree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,Yes,,Agree,Agree,,,Yes,,Agree,Strongly agree,,,,,SAUDI ARABIA,EMEA
11,455200,Regularly - Every day,Regularly - Every day,10,the IdeaPad 3 is defiantly the best part of lenovo the camera privacy settings are amazing to lenovo is great and i recommend it. 👍,the IdeaPad 3 is defiantly the best part of lenovo the camera privacy settings are amazing to lenovo is great and i recommend it. 👍,Strongly agree,Agree,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,Yes,,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,,,Yes,,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,,,"lenovo is great nothing needs to be changed , its perfect.","lenovo is great nothing needs to be changed , its perfect.",UNITED KINGDOM,EMEA
12,460343,Regularly - Every day,Only as needed - When computer prompts,3,"Lenovo Vantage REQUIRES details of my personal use of the laptop which is NOT necessary for Lenovo Vantage to function. It is an invasion of my privacy for god knows what intent Lenovo has for the data demanded. I feel that this and any so called survey from Lenovo is a farce. How can any one answer questions honestly when they must choose from a pool of answers geared to give untrue answers? A perfect example is your second question. You know full well that the honest answer is ""from the time the PC powers on until it is powered off"". There is no choice in the matter since it runs in the background tracking everything the user does from bootup to shutdown times. When you actually stop and look at what lenovo vantage does and a key logger; the only difference is lenovo vantage does not try to hide its presence on the system.","Lenovo Vantage REQUIRES details of my personal use of the laptop which is NOT necessary for Lenovo Vantage to function. It is an invasion of my privacy for god knows what intent Lenovo has for the data demanded. I feel that this and any so called survey from Lenovo is a farce. How can any one answer questions honestly when they must choose from a pool of answers geared to give untrue answers? A perfect example is your second question. You know full well that the honest answer is ""from the time the PC powers on until it is powered off"". There is no choice in the matter since it runs in the background tracking everything the user does from bootup to shutdown times. When you actually stop and look at what lenovo vantage does and a key logger; the only difference is lenovo vantage does not try to hide its presence on the system.",Disagree,Disagree,Strongly disagree,Strongly disagree,>60 days,,,,,,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,I would like to know why lenovo does not respond to support questions!,I would like to know why lenovo does not respond to support questions!,UNITED STATES,AMER
13,462541,Regularly - Every day,Regularly - Every day,10,Lenovo Vantage Battery icon is not present in taskbar in Window-11. Microphone privacy setting is in windows setting while Camera privacy setting is in Lenovo Vantage.,Lenovo Vantage Battery icon is not present in taskbar in Window-11. Microphone privacy setting is in windows setting while Camera privacy setting is in Lenovo Vantage.,Agree,Agree,Disagree,Agree,>60 days,,,,,,,,,,Yes,,Agree,Agree,,,No,Yes,,,,,,,INDIA,APAC
14,469917,Regularly - Every day,Sometimes - Once a month,6,"Pro: pare că e optimizat lucrul pe toate thread-urile CPU. Contra:1.la pornirea programului crește foarte mult încărcarea pe procesorul central(CPU 100% load);2.optimizarea sistemului costă bani; 3.nu e foarte clar(pentru utilizatorul obișnuit, neexperimentat) meniul din setările bateriei/acumulatorului.4. Setările din domeniul Privacy Cam ar trebui să ofere feed-back utilizatorului(în bara tray din Windows, nu numai în meniul Lenovo Vantage) pentru a-i aminti că nu poate folosi camera în cazul în care opțiunea este activă(Camera Privacy ON) - altfel intră în panică(noob, deh...).","Pros: It seems to optimize work on all CPU threads. Cons: 1. at the start of the program greatly increases the load on the central processor (CPU 100% load); 2. optimizing the system costs money; 3. The menu in the battery / accumulator settings is not very clear (for the regular, inexperienced user). Privacy Cam settings should provide feedback to the user (in the Windows tray bar, not just in the Lenovo Vantage menu) to remind them that they can't use the camera if the option is active (Camera Privacy ON) - otherwise enter in panic (noob, deh ...).",Neither agree or disagree,Agree,Neither agree or disagree,Strongly agree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,Yes,,Agree,Agree,"Deși sunt de acord că poate realiza întreținerea și optimizarea computerului meu, totuși prefer să realizez eu optimizarea. Nu am încredere în aceste soluții contra-cost.","Although I agree that it can perform maintenance and optimization of my computer, I still prefer to perform the optimization myself. I do not trust these cost solutions.",Yes,,Agree,Agree,"Nu am încredere în soluțiile contra-cost, după cum nu am încredere nici în soluțiile gratuite. Prefer să mă ocup personal de securitatea propriului computer.","I don't trust paid solutions, just as I don't trust free solutions. I prefer to take care of my own computer security.",-,-,ROMANIA,EMEA
15,473924,Regularly - Every day,Regularly - Every day,0,I pay for 4 more years warranty and smart privacy and VPN It is not working,I pay for 4 more years warranty and smart privacy and VPN It is not working,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,Last 30 days,0,no help at all,no help at all,Check warranty or purchase a service upgrade,,,"No, Issue still in progress",not to hang up on me if you do call me right back,not to hang up on me if you do call me right back,Yes,,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,My VPN IS NOT WORKING MY SMART PRIVACY NOT WORKING,My VPN IS NOT WORKING MY SMART PRIVACY NOT WORKING,Yes,,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,NOT WORKING,NOT WORKING,,,UNITED STATES,AMER
16,481407,Regularly - Every day,Sometimes - Once a month,7,"Die Anwendung ist eine gute Zentrale für die gelegentliche Übersicht des Zustandes des Rechners. Optisch finde ich die Oberfläche jedoch teilweise ein wenig zu bunt und überladen. Die Kaufoptionen für die Optimierungs-/ und Privatsphäre-Services finde ich etwas aufdringlich. Bei dem bereits geleisteten Einkaufspreis des Computers hätte ich mir eine kostenlose Probephase (z.B. 6 Monate) für diese Services gewünscht. Vielleicht würde man den Service danach auch ausreichend beurteilen können um zu wissen, ob er sein Geld wert ist.","The application is a good center for the occasional overview of the computer's status. Visually, however, I find the surface sometimes a little too colorful and overloaded. I find the purchase options for the optimization and privacy services a bit intrusive. Given the purchase price of the computer, I would have liked a free trial period (e.g. 6 months) for these services. Perhaps one would then be able to judge the service sufficiently to know whether it was worth the money.",Agree,Neither agree or disagree,Agree,Neither agree or disagree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,No,No,,,,,No,No,,,,,Lassen Sie die Kunden nach Kauf Ihres Produktes die Services eine Weile gratis testen. Das könnte die Attraktivität jener Services steigern.,"After purchasing your product, let customers test the services for a while free of charge. That could increase the attractiveness of those services.",GERMANY,EMEA
17,483577,Regularly - Every day,Only as needed - When computer prompts,8,"It's a bit repetitive how it keeps trying to draw attention to things like smart privacy and Wi-Fi security, when I already take care of them by myself.","It's a bit repetitive how it keeps trying to draw attention to things like smart privacy and Wi-Fi security, when I already take care of them by myself.",Strongly agree,Neither agree or disagree,Agree,Neither agree or disagree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,Yes,,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,,,Yes,,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,,,,,UNITED STATES,AMER
18,485151,Regularly - Every day,Only as needed - When computer prompts,0,Seems like typical corporate spyware used to obtain and exploit data about end users without consent or compensation; probably violates privacy laws in California.,Seems like typical corporate spyware used to obtain and exploit data about end users without consent or compensation; probably violates privacy laws in California.,Strongly disagree,Strongly disagree,Strongly disagree,Strongly disagree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,No,No,,,,,No,No,,,,,"Stop putting it on your computers; stop spying on your customers; invest more in your hardware so your computers run faster; this is the only (and last) Lenovo I will ever own; it was purchased for me by my personal IT professional and I've been unhappy with it ever since; runs slow; bogs down; has the camera in the wrong place (bottom) and has the cheapest and absurdly ""tinny"" sounding speakers. This is a light-use computer used for Word docs; online apps; NO gaming; NO streaming; just basic document interface and email and it still can't keep up. J.U.N.K.","Stop putting it on your computers; stop spying on your customers; invest more in your hardware so your computers run faster; this is the only (and last) Lenovo I will ever own; it was purchased for me by my personal IT professional and I've been unhappy with it ever since; runs slow; bogs down; has the camera in the wrong place (bottom) and has the cheapest and absurdly ""tinny"" sounding speakers. This is a light-use computer used for Word docs; online apps; NO gaming; NO streaming; just basic document interface and email and it still can't keep up. J.U.N.K.",UNITED STATES,AMER
19,485505,Regularly - Every day,Frequently - Once a week,7,"The layout of features is nice. There are some functions that could be put together better: e.g., I am frequently using Vantage to turn on/off my mic and on/off camera privacy. With teleconferencing more popular than ever, and privacy concerns higher, these 2 user controls would be better next to/near each other.  Overall, the layout should be more compact. ""Features first"", to show how helpful it is, rather than ""look at my cool graphics that do nothing!"" This would make Vantage more helpful, and even a reason to buy another Lenovo computer -- rather than ""yet another helper program that isn't needed"" (as so many companies have made, over time).  Thank you for asking for feedback!","The layout of features is nice. There are some functions that could be put together better: e.g., I am frequently using Vantage to turn on/off my mic and on/off camera privacy. With teleconferencing more popular than ever, and privacy concerns higher, these 2 user controls would be better next to/near each other.  Overall, the layout should be more compact. ""Features first"", to show how helpful it is, rather than ""look at my cool graphics that do nothing!"" This would make Vantage more helpful, and even a reason to buy another Lenovo computer -- rather than ""yet another helper program that isn't needed"" (as so many companies have made, over time).  Thank you for asking for feedback!",Agree,Disagree,Agree,Neither agree or disagree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,"The system scanner that is imposed from Vantage onto my computer isn't helpful. It's a good idea, and it acts like it's doing something, but then it's nothing more than an advertisement for your advanced services. If this were the only feature of Vantage, I would have uninstalled it.","The system scanner that is imposed from Vantage onto my computer isn't helpful. It's a good idea, and it acts like it's doing something, but then it's nothing more than an advertisement for your advanced services. If this were the only feature of Vantage, I would have uninstalled it.",UNITED STATES,AMER
20,485648,Regularly - Every day,Frequently - Once a week,8,"Lenovo Vantage is pretty good but has too much promotions trying to sell add-ons.  If the system verified 3rd party software fulfilling the need, it should leave well enough alone.  Example is smart privacy.  Products like BitDefender, Norton, System Mechanic, WinZip Tools, etc... fulfil some of the functionality that is trying to be added to Lenovo Vantage.  It would be better if it recognized those tools and acknowledged that portion covered by 3rd party software.","Lenovo Vantage is pretty good but has too much promotions trying to sell add-ons.  If the system verified 3rd party software fulfilling the need, it should leave well enough alone.  Example is smart privacy.  Products like BitDefender, Norton, System Mechanic, WinZip Tools, etc... fulfil some of the functionality that is trying to be added to Lenovo Vantage.  It would be better if it recognized those tools and acknowledged that portion covered by 3rd party software.",Agree,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,>60 days,,,,,,,,,,Yes,,Neither agree or disagree,Agree,Not at this time.,Not at this time.,Yes,,Agree,Agree,Already covered.,Already covered.,Not at this time.,Not at this time.,UNITED STATES,AMER
21,488327,Regularly - Every day,Frequently - Once a week,5,vind alleen de betaalde services niet nodig zoals smart performance en smart privacy,only find the paid services unnecessary such as smart performance and smart privacy,Agree,Agree,Neither agree or disagree,Agree,>60 days,,,,,,,,,,Yes,,Agree,Strongly disagree,,,Yes,,Agree,Disagree,,,,,NETHERLANDS,EMEA
22,491331,Regularly - Every day,Frequently - Once a week,9,"Overall a pretty useful utility software, feels less like a bloatware and just because of the plai functionality. The taskbar battery widget is also useful to make minor changes to my Vantage settings. The most used feature for me would be the Power options, Rapid Charge and Conservation mode.  One suggestion might be that incase if a user uses the Privacy Camera option and an app requires camera access (like Google Meets/Zoom) then a popup should remind us why the camera is unavailable. I spent an afternoon working what was wrong, until I realised my mistake. Good implementation, although an easier option to remind users might be helpful.","Overall a pretty useful utility software, feels less like a bloatware and just because of the plai functionality. The taskbar battery widget is also useful to make minor changes to my Vantage settings. The most used feature for me would be the Power options, Rapid Charge and Conservation mode.  One suggestion might be that incase if a user uses the Privacy Camera option and an app requires camera access (like Google Meets/Zoom) then a popup should remind us why the camera is unavailable. I spent an afternoon working what was wrong, until I realised my mistake. Good implementation, although an easier option to remind users might be helpful.",Strongly agree,Disagree,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,Yes,,Neither agree or disagree,Agree,"N/A, Just feedback for the Camera Privacy Mode which I had mentioned earlier.","N/A, Just feedback for the Camera Privacy Mode which I had mentioned earlier.",,,CANADA,AMER
23,504579,Regularly - Every day,Only as needed - When computer prompts,5,"I find the software interrupts my work too often just to tell me it is about to run a scan and when I look at the scan there is little information I can use. The scan results are basically just an add to get me to subscribe for further services. I can't see that the Lenovo service offers anything beyond the antivirus, antispam, privacy protection, etc. which comes with Windows for free.","I find the software interrupts my work too often just to tell me it is about to run a scan and when I look at the scan there is little information I can use. The scan results are basically just an add to get me to subscribe for further services. I can't see that the Lenovo service offers anything beyond the antivirus, antispam, privacy protection, etc. which comes with Windows for free.",Agree,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,Yes,,Agree,Agree,"Lenovo Vantage came pre-installed when I bought my laptop. At the end of the year it was automatically renewed along with my Geek Squad membership and I let it go without any changes. However, I'm not aware of anything Lenovo Vantage does beyond the features that come with Windows for free. I dislike getting ads pushed to me all the time to get me to subscribe to other services. When the term is up I plan to discontinue Lenovo Vantage and rely on Windows instead.","Lenovo Vantage came pre-installed when I bought my laptop. At the end of the year it was automatically renewed along with my Geek Squad membership and I let it go without any changes. However, I'm not aware of anything Lenovo Vantage does beyond the features that come with Windows for free. I dislike getting ads pushed to me all the time to get me to subscribe to other services. When the term is up I plan to discontinue Lenovo Vantage and rely on Windows instead.",Yes,,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,,,,,UNITED STATES,AMER
24,505806,Regularly - Every day,Frequently - Once a week,7,All features work well except for Smart Privacy VPN which broke about two weeks ago.  Tech support has been unable to fix it so far.,All features work well except for Smart Privacy VPN which broke about two weeks ago.  Tech support has been unable to fix it so far.,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,Agree,Last 30 days,5,Unable to fix my Lenovo VPN connection (Smart Privacy).,Unable to fix my Lenovo VPN connection (Smart Privacy).,Find troubleshooting solutions and how-to information,,,"No, Issue still in progress","I have found Lenovo support to be excellent, but I have had problems with Smart Privacy support. I think it would help if I was given periodic updates on how the fix is progressing.","I have found Lenovo support to be excellent, but I have had problems with Smart Privacy support. I think it would help if I was given periodic updates on how the fix is progressing.",Yes,,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,I am happy with Smart Performance.  It seems to keep my PC in tune - which is a first for me with Windows.,I am happy with Smart Performance.  It seems to keep my PC in tune - which is a first for me with Windows.,Yes,,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,VPN connection is not working.,VPN connection is not working.,,,CANADA,AMER
25,508315,Regularly - Every day,Frequently - Once a week,7,It would be appreciated if there was a more robust privacy and security system.,It would be appreciated if there was a more robust privacy and security system.,Agree,Agree,Agree,Agree,Last 30 days,7,I find that the interval between updates downdload is a little on the long side.,I find that the interval between updates downdload is a little on the long side.,"Download drivers, software or firmware updates",,,"Yes, objective complete",I am unable to provide a definite answer to that right now but based on the preceding responses in this area the areas of privacy and security and Update download interval times would be the direction in which improvements in the technical support area could be made.,I am unable to provide a definite answer to that right now but based on the preceding responses in this area the areas of privacy and security and Update download interval times would be the direction in which improvements in the technical support area could be made.,Yes,,Agree,Agree,No I do not. Thank you for providing this avenue through which my concerns could be ventilated.,No I do not. Thank you for providing this avenue through which my concerns could be ventilated.,No,Yes,,,,,No I do not.,No I do not.,BARBADOS,CARIBBEAN
26,518461,Regularly - Every day,Frequently - Once a week,8,"Nice app for the costumer to see overall health of the PC, Battery conditions, privacy check. It also helps to scan and can let us know about any kind of risk.","Nice app for the costumer to see overall health of the PC, Battery conditions, privacy check. It also helps to scan and can let us know about any kind of risk.",Strongly disagree,Strongly disagree,Strongly disagree,Strongly disagree,Last 30 days,Extremely satisfied,Nice for the diagnostic scan and to know about the warranty period. Helps to know more about overall PC condition.,Nice for the diagnostic scan and to know about the warranty period. Helps to know more about overall PC condition.,Perform diagnostic scan,,,"Yes, objective complete",very nice and best app for overall PC health and supporting the warranty options for PC. Lenovo vantage is awesome.,very nice and best app for overall PC health and supporting the warranty options for PC. Lenovo vantage is awesome.,Yes,,Strongly disagree,Strongly disagree,"best app for PC scan and very reliable, used for Laptop and PC for ensuring the best performance. The lenovo vantage is superb.","best app for PC scan and very reliable, used for Laptop and PC for ensuring the best performance. The lenovo vantage is superb.",Yes,,Strongly disagree,Strongly disagree,"no comments.as i said it is nice app for all the technical things, from privacy to security things of PC.","no comments.as i said it is nice app for all the technical things, from privacy to security things of PC.",best app for PC . it can be helpful for security scan and results. the best app for scanning the warranty options.,best app for PC . it can be helpful for security scan and results. the best app for scanning the warranty options.,INDIA,APAC
27,521562,Regularly - Every day,Regularly - Every day,9,"Because I regularly use the computer, and I mainly use the camera privacy feature of the Lenovo Vantage.","Because I regularly use the computer, and I mainly use the camera privacy feature of the Lenovo Vantage.",Agree,Agree,Agree,Agree,Last 7 days,10,"Complete technical information can be searched, and update to the latest drivers and software can be done.","Complete technical information can be searched, and update to the latest drivers and software can be done.","Download drivers, software or firmware updates",,,"Yes, objective complete",Ok. Already match my requirements,Ok. Already match my requirements,No,Yes,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,Thank You,Thank You,INDONESIA,APAC
28,523872,Regularly - Every day,Only as needed - When computer prompts,2,"Contains useless software which only hinders work, not help it. Some of it I suspect might be intrusive to my privacy. Interrupts work by installing an update to software I don't use (e.g. Intel ME) and then wanting to reboot Windows. We already have Windows Update. Why have another software updater?  I never needed nor asked for additional vendor specific software and the only reason I have it and have to live with it is I have a PC bought from Lenovo. So basically this has been forced upon me with me having little say on the matter. I will remember this the next time I consider whose laptop to buy...","Contains useless software which only hinders work, not help it. Some of it I suspect might be intrusive to my privacy. Interrupts work by installing an update to software I don't use (e.g. Intel ME) and then wanting to reboot Windows. We already have Windows Update. Why have another software updater?  I never needed nor asked for additional vendor specific software and the only reason I have it and have to live with it is I have a PC bought from Lenovo. So basically this has been forced upon me with me having little say on the matter. I will remember this the next time I consider whose laptop to buy...",Neither agree or disagree,Strongly disagree,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,No,No,,,,,No,No,,,,,"Please don't force your software on people who buy your computers. Just install an OS and perhaps some basic security software (antivirus and firewall) on them, and any necessary driver software that might be needed. No additional supposedly useful software. Let buyers choose between Kubuntu, Ubuntu or Windows Lenovo laptops.","Please don't force your software on people who buy your computers. Just install an OS and perhaps some basic security software (antivirus and firewall) on them, and any necessary driver software that might be needed. No additional supposedly useful software. Let buyers choose between Kubuntu, Ubuntu or Windows Lenovo laptops.",FINLAND,EMEA
29,533791,Regularly - Every day,Sometimes - Once a month,5,Non è chiara la differenza tra spesa per a)aggiornamento della garanzia; b)Smart Performance Services c)Software Privacy Lenovo Smart,The difference between spending for a) warranty update; b) Smart Performance Services c) Lenovo Smart Privacy Software,Agree,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,Prezzi più bassi dei servizi permetterebbero di accettare le proposte più facilmente.,Lower prices for services would make it easier to accept offers.,ITALY,EMEA
30,547502,Regularly - Every day,Sometimes - Once a month,8,"Enthält alle Geräteeinstellung für Akkus und den Always-on-USB Port, die ich mir zum jetzigen Zeitpunkt wünsche sowie Treiberupdates, Hardware-Scan, Systeminformationen finde ich recht hilfreich. Die anderen Angebote wie SmartPrivacy, etc. benötige ich nicht. Vielen Dank, dass Sie mir nicht aufdringlich angeboten werden, sonst würde ich Vantage eventuell gar nicht mehr verwenden, was schade wäre (der Akkuladeschwellenwert ist mir sehr wichtig).","Contains all device settings for batteries and the always-on USB port that I want at the moment as well as driver updates, hardware scan, system information I find quite helpful. I do not need the other offers such as SmartPrivacy, etc. Thank you for not proposing me intrusively, otherwise I might not be using Vantage at all, which would be a shame (battery threshold is very important to me).",Neither agree or disagree,Agree,Strongly agree,Neither agree or disagree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,No,No,,,,,,,SWITZERLAND,EMEA
31,547849,Regularly - Every day,Regularly - Every day,0,I've had an issue for over a month with Smart Privacy that I've not been able to get resolved. I have spent countless hours and days being like being a ping pong ball transferred over and over to various departments and eventually end backup with the department where I originally started my call.,I've had an issue for over a month with Smart Privacy that I've not been able to get resolved. I have spent countless hours and days being like being a ping pong ball transferred over and over to various departments and eventually end backup with the department where I originally started my call.,Neither agree or disagree,Disagree,Neither agree or disagree,Strongly disagree,Last 7 days,0,I've spent an excessive number of hours on the phone to trying to get a problem resolved which to date has not been resolved.,I've spent an excessive number of hours on the phone to trying to get a problem resolved which to date has not been resolved.,"Find support contact info (phone, chat, service providers, service requests, etc.)",,,"No, Issue still in progress",Have technicians transfer clients to a supervisor/manager when requested.,Have technicians transfer clients to a supervisor/manager when requested.,Yes,,Neither agree or disagree,Agree,No,No,Yes,,Strongly disagree,Strongly disagree,I've provided an extensive amount of information about this particular item in the previous questions. I'm not very happy with this product right now it has been a waste of my money and time.,I've provided an extensive amount of information about this particular item in the previous questions. I'm not very happy with this product right now it has been a waste of my money and time.,Not at this time!,Not at this time!,UNITED STATES,AMER
32,550214,Regularly - Every day,Regularly - Every day,3,Lenovo privacy vpn not connecting. from day one after subscription purchase i am facing problems. no one is responding properly.,Lenovo privacy vpn not connecting. from day one after subscription purchase i am facing problems. no one is responding properly.,Strongly agree,Disagree,Agree,Strongly disagree,Last 30 days,0,Lenovo smart privacy not working properly. VPN not working,Lenovo smart privacy not working properly. VPN not working,"Find support contact info (phone, chat, service providers, service requests, etc.)",,,"No, Issue still in progress",Lenovo is not giving good customer care support. facing subscription activation problem after that now VPN Service is not working in Smart privacy. i asked for my money back because of faulty Smart privacy getting no response from Lenovo,Lenovo is not giving good customer care support. facing subscription activation problem after that now VPN Service is not working in Smart privacy. i asked for my money back because of faulty Smart privacy getting no response from Lenovo,Yes,,Agree,Agree,,,Yes,,Strongly disagree,Strongly disagree,,,,,INDIA,APAC
33,552035,Regularly - Every day,Only as needed - When computer prompts,0,"I do not need a bunch of fluff.  I want to do a little shopping or e-mail and that is it.  My needs are basic.  I do not know the advantages of the lenovo vantage.  I find the basic lenovo to be irritating, already has a mind of it's own.  Don't want even more of the same and I am sure more invasion of privacy; i.e. more tech is not necessarily better","I do not need a bunch of fluff.  I want to do a little shopping or e-mail and that is it.  My needs are basic.  I do not know the advantages of the lenovo vantage.  I find the basic lenovo to be irritating, already has a mind of it's own.  Don't want even more of the same and I am sure more invasion of privacy; i.e. more tech is not necessarily better",Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,No,No,,,,,No,No,,,,,,,UNITED STATES,AMER
34,554164,Regularly - Every day,Regularly - Every day,9,It comes handy to use and it helps in privacy protection. Its performance mode give better experience.,It comes handy to use and it helps in privacy protection. Its performance mode give better experience.,Agree,Agree,Neither agree or disagree,Agree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,Yes,,Agree,Agree,,,,,INDIA,APAC
35,555514,Regularly - Every day,Regularly - Every day,5,موجود مشاكل في لوحة الفأرة ولا استطيع حلها ، عدم ددعم الأردن في خدمة smart privacy والدعم الفني للجهاز,"There are problems with the mouse pad and I can't solve it, I don't support Jordan in the smart privacy service and technical support for the device",Agree,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,Disagree,Last 7 days,3,لا يمكنني الحصول على الدعم الفني واصلاح المشاكل,I can't get technical support and fix problems,Find troubleshooting solutions and how-to information,,,"No, Issue still in progress",دعم جميع الدول بالحصول على الدعم الفني ، ارسال التحديثات لأصلاح المشاكل بشكل مستمر,"Support all countries by obtaining technical support, sending updates to fix problems on an ongoing basis",No,Yes,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,,,JORDAN,EMEA
36,558090,Regularly - Every day,Regularly - Every day,0,unable to get refund for smart privacy which I am unable to activate,unable to get refund for smart privacy which I am unable to activate,Strongly disagree,Neither agree or disagree,Agree,Strongly disagree,>60 days,,,,,,,,,,Yes,,Disagree,Agree,,,Yes,,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,no,no,no,no,UNITED STATES,AMER
37,575135,Regularly - Every day,Frequently - Once a week,7,It's a good product. I tried using your privacy settings and my Lenovo Vantage will not display it. I paid for the services of the Lenovo Vantage privacy however my Lenovo Vantage will not display it. I tried calling customer service they were confused as well.,It's a good product. I tried using your privacy settings and my Lenovo Vantage will not display it. I paid for the services of the Lenovo Vantage privacy however my Lenovo Vantage will not display it. I tried calling customer service they were confused as well.,Agree,Agree,Agree,Agree,Last 30 days,10,"Customer service was good but my Lenovo Vantage privacy will not display at all, even with customer support it failed.","Customer service was good but my Lenovo Vantage privacy will not display at all, even with customer support it failed.",Other,Getting my Lenova Vantge to perform a privacy scan. It will not work on my New PC,Getting my Lenova Vantge to perform a privacy scan. It will not work on my New PC,"No, Issue still in progress","Just on my end, I need my privacy scan to display and work.","Just on my end, I need my privacy scan to display and work.",Yes,,Agree,Agree,I cant get my Lenovo Privacy scan to work or display on my PC.,I cant get my Lenovo Privacy scan to work or display on my PC.,Yes,,Strongly disagree,Strongly disagree,I paid for the Privacy services and it does not work at all.,I paid for the Privacy services and it does not work at all.,,,UNITED STATES,AMER
38,590031,Regularly - Every day,Regularly - Every day,6,"Malgré les nombreuses tentatives de contact avec l'assistance,mon abonnement LENOVO VANTAGE a mit énormément de temps à s'activer.Même chose pour SMART PRIVACY , je trouve ces apllications trés médiocres et trés décu de mon achat","Despite numerous attempts to contact support, my LENOVO VANTAGE subscription took a long time to activate. Same thing for SMART PRIVACY, I find these applications very poor and very disappointed with my purchase",Agree,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,Strongly disagree,Last 30 days,2,"Peu de réponses, les seules que l'on m'a envoyées étaient : nous sommes désolé,nous ne pouvons pas répondre à votre demande","Few answers, the only ones I was sent were: we are sorry, we cannot answer your request",Perform diagnostic scan,,,No relevant information found,plus de communication et moins de réponses toute faite du genre nous ne sommes pas en capacité de répondre à vos problématiques,more communication and less ready-made answers of the kind we are not able to answer your problems,Yes,,Neither agree or disagree,Agree,,,Yes,,Agree,Agree,,,,,FRANCE,EMEA
39,592398,Regularly - Every day,Frequently - Once a week,2,Benutze Lenovo Vantage nur für die Bildschirmeinstellungen.  Smart Privacy zeigt ein hohes Datenschutzrisiko an und auch die Lösung des Problems: Datenschutz kaufen  Smart Performance scannt das System und zeigt mir das 18 Probleme gefunden wurden und natürlich auch die Lösung: Kaufen sie jetzt das Jahresabonnement... Ich bin ein Rentner mit geringen Einkommen und kann mir das nicht leisten und werde wohl mit der Leistung und Sicherheitseinschränkungen meines Lenovo - Computers leben müssen.,Use Lenovo Vantage for screen settings only. Smart Privacy indicates a high data protection risk and also the solution to the problem: buy data protection Smart Performance scans the system and shows me that 18 problems were found and of course the solution: Buy the annual subscription now... I'm a low-income retiree who can't afford it and will probably have to live with the performance and security limitations of my Lenovo computer.,Neither agree or disagree,Strongly disagree,Neither agree or disagree,Strongly disagree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,Yes,,Agree,Strongly disagree,"Ein Vorschlag währe Vantage Smart gratis zur Verfügung zu stellen, um die Kundenzufriedenheit zu erhöhen",One suggestion is to make Vantage Smart available for free to increase customer satisfaction,No,No,,,,,,,GERMANY,EMEA
40,598069,Regularly - Every day,Regularly - Every day,10,I am a teacher and privacy matters to me alot. and mostly it provide exactly that. when i close my camara through vintage app it is closed from everywhere same about everything else,I am a teacher and privacy matters to me alot. and mostly it provide exactly that. when i close my camara through vintage app it is closed from everywhere same about everything else,Agree,Neither agree or disagree,Agree,Agree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,Yes,,Agree,Disagree,,,,,INDIA,APAC
41,608851,Regularly - Every day,Regularly - Every day,10,Lenovo vantage has helped in keeping me productive and allows me to control my privacy and information easily.,Lenovo vantage has helped in keeping me productive and allows me to control my privacy and information easily.,Strongly agree,Agree,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,Yes,,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,,,Yes,,Agree,Strongly agree,,,,,UNITED STATES,AMER
42,609150,Regularly - Every day,Frequently - Once a week,8,"I like the feature-set specific to my notebook (like BIOS and driver updates), however some parts of the application feel like an advertisement and like trying to sell extra features like Smart Performance or Smart Privacy","I like the feature-set specific to my notebook (like BIOS and driver updates), however some parts of the application feel like an advertisement and like trying to sell extra features like Smart Performance or Smart Privacy",Agree,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,Agree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,Yes,,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,,,Yes,,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,,,,,GERMANY,EMEA
43,611083,Regularly - Every day,Only as needed - When computer prompts,0,I spent an hour trying to use my camera yesterday and couldn't because the privacy setting in Lenovo Vantage had the camera turned off.  Just let me use Microsoft settings!,I spent an hour trying to use my camera yesterday and couldn't because the privacy setting in Lenovo Vantage had the camera turned off.  Just let me use Microsoft settings!,Strongly disagree,Strongly disagree,Strongly disagree,Strongly disagree,Last 7 days,0,I got no help.  I finally found the answer on a random YouTube video not related to Lenovo.,I got no help.  I finally found the answer on a random YouTube video not related to Lenovo.,Find troubleshooting solutions and how-to information,,,No relevant information found,Take it off.,Take it off.,Yes,,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,Couldn't be less satisfied.  Wish I could take it off without feeling like I'd miss updates or other information I might need.,Couldn't be less satisfied.  Wish I could take it off without feeling like I'd miss updates or other information I might need.,Yes,,Strongly disagree,Strongly disagree,,,"Honestly, I love my new laptop, but the Lenovo Vantage diminishes my positive feelings about it.","Honestly, I love my new laptop, but the Lenovo Vantage diminishes my positive feelings about it.",UNITED STATES,AMER
44,622949,Regularly - Every day,Regularly - Every day,9,"Lenovo vantage is very helpful for me like privacy, performance","Lenovo vantage is very helpful for me like privacy, performance",Strongly agree,Agree,Strongly agree,Agree,Last 7 days,10,help me with laptop performance,help me with laptop performance,Perform diagnostic scan,,,"Yes, objective complete",,,Yes,,Agree,Agree,,,Yes,,Agree,Agree,,,,,INDIA,APAC
45,631256,Regularly - Every day,Sometimes - Once a month,4,magari aggiungere più cose utili e tutte le informazioni del pc Lenovo e qualche volta usufruire la prova gratuita per quanto riguarda la Smart Privacy e la Protezione. :),maybe add more useful things and all the information of the Lenovo pc and sometimes take advantage of the free trial regarding Smart Privacy and Protection. :),Agree,Neither agree or disagree,Agree,Agree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,Yes,,Agree,Agree,,,Yes,,Agree,Agree,,,,,ITALY,EMEA
46,346356,Regularly - Every day,Regularly - Every day,9,Please be user friendly and have a little explanation on the things we need to update on the system,Please be user friendly and have a little explanation on the things we need to update on the system,Agree,Agree,Agree,Agree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,,,PHILIPPINES,APAC
47,346467,Frequently - Once a week,Frequently - Once a week,5,"Non sono molto soddisfatto a causa di qualche bug relativo all'aggiornamento del sistema, soprattutto riguardo il driver grafico","I am not very satisfied due to some bugs related to the system update, especially regarding the graphics driver",Disagree,Disagree,Strongly agree,Agree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,Yes,,Neither agree or disagree,Disagree,,,No,No,,,,,,,ITALY,EMEA
48,347032,Regularly - Every day,Regularly - Every day,3,"Önceleri çok iyi çalışıyordu.<ne zaman windows 10'dan windows 11' yükseltme yaptım;o zaman bios  güncellemesi ve driver güncellemsi yapmaz oldu.Peki ne yapmalıyım,bir tavsiyeniz var mı?","It was working very well before. <When I upgraded from windows 10 to windows 11; then it wouldn't do bios update and driver update. So what should I do, do you have any advice?",Strongly disagree,Agree,Disagree,Strongly disagree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,,,TURKEY,EMEA
49,347072,Regularly - Every day,Frequently - Once a week,8,help me update,help me update,Agree,Agree,Agree,Neither agree or disagree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,,,GERMANY,EMEA
50,347148,Regularly - Every day,Regularly - Every day,2,mucha propaganda y muy poco eficiente en actualizaciones y soluciones,a lot of propaganda and very inefficient in updates and solutions,Strongly disagree,Disagree,Disagree,Disagree,>60 days,,,,,,,,,,Yes,,Strongly disagree,Strongly disagree,,,No,No,,,,,,,MEXICO,LAS
51,347208,Regularly - Every day,Frequently - Once a week,10,Porque me mantiene actualizada la maquina,Because the machine keeps me updated,Agree,Strongly agree,Agree,Agree,Last 30 days,10,Porque los técnicos no han dado con el problema del teclado,Because the technicians have not found the problem with the keyboard,"Download drivers, software or firmware updates",,,"Yes, objective complete","1. Enviar mensajes de actualizaciones, 2. Mapa de Wifi, antes lo mostraba donde las redes no eran seguras, 3. Seguridad antivirus","1. Send update messages, 2. Wifi map, before it showed it where networks were not secure, 3. Antivirus security",No,Yes,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,,,COLOMBIA,LAS
52,347281,Regularly - Every day,Frequently - Once a week,7,"Depuis toutes ces années, j'utilise LENOVO VANTAGE. Les mises à jours ont été régulières et efficaces. J'ai une licence UPDATESTAR.",For all these years I have been using LENOVO VANTAGE. Updates have been regular and efficient. I have an UPDATESTAR license.,Agree,Agree,Neither agree or disagree,Agree,Last 60 days,,,,,,,,,,Yes,,Neither agree or disagree,Agree,"Je suis ouvert à de bons conseils, suivant mes possibilités. Ma garantie se termine dans deux mois. Ces deux années étaient très biens. Mon LENOVO est en bonne santé suivant les analyses.","I am open to good advice, according to my possibilities. My warranty ends in two months. Those two years were great. My LENOVO is in good health according to the analyses.",Yes,,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,"Dans la première année, je l'ai utilisé, mais il y'avait une navigation plus lente. Alors, je l'ai retiré.","In the first year I used it, but it had slower navigation. So I removed it.","LENOVO VANTAGE est très performant. Mais, je regarderai quand ma garantie sera terminée. J'espère pour la troisième année sera t'il toujours bon.? J'ai une bonne licence UPDATESTAR.","LENOVO VANTAGE is very capable. But, I'll check when my warranty is up. I hope for the third year will it still be good.? I have a good UPDATESTAR license.",BELGIUM,EMEA
53,347779,Regularly - Every day,Regularly - Every day,9,"Algunas actualizaciones no pueden instalarse, aunque se reintenta una y otra vez.",Some updates fail to install even though it retries over and over again.,Agree,Agree,Strongly agree,Neither agree or disagree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,No,No,BOLIVIA,LAS
54,347988,Regularly - Every day,Regularly - Every day,4,alcuni aggiornamenti non vengono proposti,some updates are not offered,Neither agree or disagree,Agree,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,Last 7 days,6,potrebbe esewre migliorato e permettere anche l'aggiornamento manuale,it could be improved and also allow manual updating,"Download drivers, software or firmware updates",,,No relevant information found,aggiornamento manuale,manual update,No,Yes,,,,,Yes,,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,,,,,ITALY,EMEA
55,348524,Regularly - Every day,Frequently - Once a week,8,يعمل بشكل مرضي ومصدر هام لاهم التحديثات اللازمة وحل لمعظم المشكلات,It works satisfactorily and is an important source of the most important updates and a solution to most problems,Agree,Agree,Agree,Agree,Last 7 days,9,يقدم الدعم اللازم لكي يعمل الجهاز بشكل مرضي ومورد هام للتحديثات,Provides the necessary support for the device to function satisfactorily and is an important resource for updates,Check repair status,,,"Yes, objective complete",المزيد من التحسينات كاضفاء الطابع الشخصي على الجهاز والعمل على المزيد من الاقتراحات لاختيار افضل البرامج,More improvements such as personalizing the device and working on more suggestions to choose the best software,No,Yes,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,لا ما قدمته من تعليقات كف للتعبير عن رأي في vantage,Don't your comments stop expressing an opinion on vantage,SAUDI ARABIA,EMEA
56,348761,Regularly - Every day,Frequently - Once a week,10,"Es macht mir Systemaktualisierungen einfach und ich vertraue dem Produkt voll, dass es keinen unnötigen Blödsinn installiert wie andere Produkte es oft tun.",It makes system updates easy for me and I have full confidence in the product for not installing unnecessary crap like other products often do.,Agree,Strongly agree,Agree,Strongly agree,Last 60 days,,,,,,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,Yes,,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,,,Es wäre praktisch wenn die Einstellungen für die eingebaute Kamera schneller abrufbar wären. Heute muss man sich doch ziemlich durcklicken bis man die Helligkeit und den Kontrast verstellen kann.,It would be useful if the settings for the built-in camera could be called up more quickly. Today you have to click through quite a bit before you can adjust the brightness and the contrast.,SWITZERLAND,EMEA
57,348774,Regularly - Every day,Regularly - Every day,9,"It really help me to put the right setting for me when use my laptop, easy to use and intuitive interface without the hassle to learn. Furthermore it easier to update software important to make my laptop run smoothly. THOUGH i deduct 1 point because there's a time where an update keep repeating to be installed NVIDIA GFE for Windows 11. Keep up the good work","It really help me to put the right setting for me when use my laptop, easy to use and intuitive interface without the hassle to learn. Furthermore it easier to update software important to make my laptop run smoothly. THOUGH i deduct 1 point because there's a time where an update keep repeating to be installed NVIDIA GFE for Windows 11. Keep up the good work",Strongly agree,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,Agree,>60 days,,,,,,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,Keep up the great work,Keep up the great work,INDONESIA,APAC
58,349027,Regularly - Every day,Frequently - Once a week,9,"It consolidates most of the controls of the device that are Lenovo specific, but it also extends to security, hardware scans, and driver updates which makes me feel more aware and secure on where to go when a problem arises.","It consolidates most of the controls of the device that are Lenovo specific, but it also extends to security, hardware scans, and driver updates which makes me feel more aware and secure on where to go when a problem arises.",Agree,Agree,Agree,Neither agree or disagree,>60 days,,,,,,,,,,Yes,,Neither agree or disagree,Agree,"I'm not sure if what this is pertaining to is the performance boost feature in vantage, but I haven't really explored it much nor used it as much.","I'm not sure if what this is pertaining to is the performance boost feature in vantage, but I haven't really explored it much nor used it as much.",No,Yes,,,,,I hope it gets to introduce more tips to get the most out of your laptop. I also hope that it could address the Intel SST issue with Windows 11 as I could not update my device to the latest OS.,I hope it gets to introduce more tips to get the most out of your laptop. I also hope that it could address the Intel SST issue with Windows 11 as I could not update my device to the latest OS.,PHILIPPINES,APAC
59,349106,Regularly - Every day,Frequently - Once a week,7,"Some features require payment. For example performance optimizations, don't really feel like i should have to pay for that when i already bought computer WITH Premiere support. Though overall satisfied about the features that we do get, so we can further controll the computer and update drivers.","Some features require payment. For example performance optimizations, don't really feel like i should have to pay for that when i already bought computer WITH Premiere support. Though overall satisfied about the features that we do get, so we can further controll the computer and update drivers.",Strongly agree,Disagree,Agree,Agree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,Yes,,Strongly agree,Disagree,It's pay 2 win :(,It's pay 2 win :(,Yes,,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,,,,,SWEDEN,EMEA
60,349173,Regularly - Every day,Regularly - Every day,7,"czsami cos sie zacina i nie pokazuje hostorii, albo bez końca pokazuje i aktualizuje te same patche","sometimes something is stuck and does not show hostoria, or it shows and updates the same patches endlessly",Agree,Strongly agree,Disagree,Agree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,No,No,,,,,No,No,,,,,,,POLAND,EMEA
61,349405,Regularly - Every day,Frequently - Once a week,8,Some of the updates got my battery raining very fast. It got me from 11 and a half hours of battery life to around 5-6 hours of battery life.,Some of the updates got my battery raining very fast. It got me from 11 and a half hours of battery life to around 5-6 hours of battery life.,Strongly agree,Agree,Agree,Agree,Last 7 days,8,"Even though it wasn't mentioned in the terms and conditions, i was told that battery warranty was only void if i got less than or equivalent to 45 mins.","Even though it wasn't mentioned in the terms and conditions, i was told that battery warranty was only void if i got less than or equivalent to 45 mins.","Download drivers, software or firmware updates",,,"Yes, objective complete",Make clear about warranty guides and how and on what basis can we claim them!,Make clear about warranty guides and how and on what basis can we claim them!,Yes,,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,"Even though i have the prremium subscription, i'm still asked to pay for the smart performance to take place","Even though i have the prremium subscription, i'm still asked to pay for the smart performance to take place",Yes,,Agree,Agree,no,no,NIL,NIL,INDIA,APAC
62,349527,Regularly - Every day,Frequently - Once a week,10,O aplicativo é útil para gerenciar minhas atualizações.,The app is useful for managing my updates.,Strongly agree,Agree,Agree,Agree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,Yes,,Neither agree or disagree,Agree,,,Yes,,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,,,,,BRAZIL,LAS
63,350208,Regularly - Every day,Regularly - Every day,10,it depends on how fast on your internet speed. but i need more updates on this lenovo vantage program,it depends on how fast on your internet speed. but i need more updates on this lenovo vantage program,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,Yes,,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,nope until it down,nope until it down,please lower the price of Lenova vantage,please lower the price of Lenova vantage,PHILIPPINES,APAC
64,350521,Regularly - Every day,Regularly - Every day,10,Keeps my pc updated. I can also reach support easily. Thanks,Keeps my pc updated. I can also reach support easily. Thanks,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,>60 days,,,,,,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,,,PHILIPPINES,APAC
65,350538,Frequently - Once a week,Only as needed - When computer prompts,2,"The app's dashboard looks like it's just advertisments and is useless.  This is really annoying that by default the app throws popups way more often than it should, because anything related to Lenovo Vantage doesn't actually warrant any notifications, unless it's some critical update.","The app's dashboard looks like it's just advertisments and is useless.  This is really annoying that by default the app throws popups way more often than it should, because anything related to Lenovo Vantage doesn't actually warrant any notifications, unless it's some critical update.",Disagree,Agree,Neither agree or disagree,Disagree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,No,No,,,,,No,No,,,,,"Having the quick settings on toolbar is honestly really nice (specifically cooling modes, quick charge and camera).  I can see how having some info about your device in one place can be nice for people less familiar with Windows. The app itself is useless really. There's performance monitoring, but there's probably near to no people that want to monitor performance and wouldn't already use task manager for it (or some 3rd party program).","Having the quick settings on toolbar is honestly really nice (specifically cooling modes, quick charge and camera).  I can see how having some info about your device in one place can be nice for people less familiar with Windows. The app itself is useless really. There's performance monitoring, but there's probably near to no people that want to monitor performance and wouldn't already use task manager for it (or some 3rd party program).",ESTONIA,EMEA
66,350997,Regularly - Every day,Frequently - Once a week,5,システムの更新を確認するのには役立つが、現状抱えている問題の解決には有効なツールではないため,"It's useful for checking for system updates, but it's not an effective tool for solving current problems.",Disagree,Disagree,Neither agree or disagree,Agree,Last 7 days,3,音声用のドライバーに不具合があるが、解決できていないため,"There is a problem with the audio driver, but it has not been resolved.","Download drivers, software or firmware updates",,,"No, Issue still in progress",特にありません,Nothing in particular,No,No,,,,,No,No,,,,,,,JAPAN,APAC
67,351829,Regularly - Every day,Regularly - Every day,0,无法更新驱动,Unable to update driver,Strongly disagree,Strongly disagree,Strongly disagree,Strongly disagree,>60 days,,,,,,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,建议关闭,recommended to close,CHINA,PRC
68,352160,Regularly - Every day,Frequently - Once a week,9,so helpfull.  i can check system condition in my notebook.  but i hope there's an update for lenovo vantage it's self.,so helpfull.  i can check system condition in my notebook.  but i hope there's an update for lenovo vantage it's self.,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,Last 30 days,10,"easy to find software, driver and user guide/manual.","easy to find software, driver and user guide/manual.","Download drivers, software or firmware updates",,,"Yes, objective complete",how i can acces support,how i can acces support,Yes,,Agree,Agree,no,no,Yes,,Agree,Agree,no,no,no,no,INDONESIA,APAC
69,352724,Regularly - Every day,Regularly - Every day,6,update doesn't really work,update doesn't really work,Agree,Neither agree or disagree,Agree,Neither agree or disagree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,Yes,,Agree,Neither agree or disagree,,,Yes,,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,,,buying extended warranty and updating driver are not a reliable experience;,buying extended warranty and updating driver are not a reliable experience;,INDONESIA,APAC
70,352794,Regularly - Every day,Sometimes - Once a month,8,biosなどのアップデートをちゃんと教えてくれるところ。,A place that will tell you about updates such as bios.,Agree,Strongly agree,Agree,Neither agree or disagree,>60 days,,,,,,,,,,No,No,,,,,No,No,,,,,いいアプリだと思います。,I think it's a good app.,JAPAN,APAC
71,352864,Regularly - Every day,Sometimes - Once a month,7,"I always like the Lenovo Vantage feature, namely the conservation mode and rapid charge which are very helpful in productivity, but it's a shame that since Windows released an update to Windows 11, I have doubts because when I use the Conservation Mode feature, Windows still thinks my laptop is charging even though the battery condition has reached 60%, I hope that in the future, Lenovo can update again so that Lenovo Vantage can work more optimally on Windows 11.","I always like the Lenovo Vantage feature, namely the conservation mode and rapid charge which are very helpful in productivity, but it's a shame that since Windows released an update to Windows 11, I have doubts because when I use the Conservation Mode feature, Windows still thinks my laptop is charging even though the battery condition has reached 60%, I hope that in the future, Lenovo can update again so that Lenovo Vantage can work more optimally on Windows 11.",Agree,Strongly agree,Agree,Agree,>60 days,,,,,,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,"I suggest that the Lenovo Vantage feature in Windows 11 can be re-optimized as in Windows 10, where this feature can be seen in the form of a large battery logo on the laptop taskbar and there are no errors in providing information about the laptop between the Windows system and the Lenovo system.","I suggest that the Lenovo Vantage feature in Windows 11 can be re-optimized as in Windows 10, where this feature can be seen in the form of a large battery logo on the laptop taskbar and there are no errors in providing information about the laptop between the Windows system and the Lenovo system.",INDONESIA,APAC
72,352873,Regularly - Every day,Sometimes - Once a month,8,"購入させていただいたのちのアフターケアと優れている。とくに簡便にWindows recovery, BIOS update, Hardware のテストができてよい。バッテリの充電率を制御する画面が見当たらなくなってしまったので改善してほしい。","Excellent aftercare after purchase. You can test Windows recovery, BIOS update, and Hardware especially easily. I can't find the screen to control the battery charge rate, so please improve it.",Agree,Neither agree or disagree,Agree,Strongly agree,Last 7 days,Extremely satisfied,簡便に、次の事柄を実行できる点で優れている。Windows の　upgrade ができる。BIOSのupdateができる。,It is excellent in that it can easily perform the following things. You can upgrade Windows. You can update the BIOS.,Find troubleshooting solutions and how-to information,,,"No, Issue still in progress",バッテリーの充電率を制御する画面を追加してください。以前のバージョンではあったかと思います。,Add a screen to control the battery charge rate. I think it was the previous version.,Yes,,Disagree,Disagree,無料にしてください。,Please make it free.,No,Yes,,,,,個人情報がどの程度保護されているのかがわかりません。,I don't know how protected my personal information is.,JAPAN,APAC
73,353103,Regularly - Every day,Sometimes - Once a month,0,アップデートが頻繁でなくなる,Updates are less frequent,Disagree,Neither agree or disagree,Strongly disagree,Neither agree or disagree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,No,No,,,,,No,No,,,,,重い,heavy,JAPAN,APAC
74,353201,Regularly - Every day,Frequently - Once a week,3,difficulty in update,difficulty in update,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,Yes,,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,improve performance in display,improve performance in display,No,Yes,,,,,improve technical difficulty,improve technical difficulty,PHILIPPINES,APAC
75,353342,Regularly - Every day,Sometimes - Once a month,6,BIOSアップデートの時にどこが変更になってるのかわからない。,I don't know what changed when I updated the BIOS.,Agree,Agree,Agree,Agree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,無し。,None.,JAPAN,APAC
76,354246,Regularly - Every day,Frequently - Once a week,9,Easy to use/update,Easy to use/update,Agree,Agree,Agree,Agree,Last 30 days,10,easy to use,easy to use,"Download drivers, software or firmware updates",,,"Yes, objective complete",easy to update drivers,easy to update drivers,No,Yes,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,It's a very helpful utility for my notebooks PC.,It's a very helpful utility for my notebooks PC.,TAIWAN,APAC
77,354574,Regularly - Every day,Regularly - Every day,10,驱动更新的很及时。,Driver updates are timely.,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,Last 7 days,Extremely satisfied,驱动更新的很及时。,Driver updates are timely.,"Download drivers, software or firmware updates",,,"Yes, objective complete",,,No,Yes,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,无,without,CHINA,PRC
78,354718,Regularly - Every day,Frequently - Once a week,8,Please provide software updater even for device has already expired guarantee,Please provide software updater even for device has already expired guarantee,Strongly agree,Agree,Agree,Strongly agree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,Yes,,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,,,Yes,,Agree,Agree,,,,,INDONESIA,APAC
79,354840,Frequently - Once a week,Frequently - Once a week,10,It help me to monitor latest update and performance of my laptop,It help me to monitor latest update and performance of my laptop,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,Last 7 days,Extremely satisfied,their technical support is good,their technical support is good,Perform diagnostic scan,,,"Yes, objective complete",the updates it provides for better performance of my laptop,the updates it provides for better performance of my laptop,Yes,,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,their updates should continue,their updates should continue,Yes,,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,,,,,PHILIPPINES,APAC
80,354869,Regularly - Every day,Sometimes - Once a month,8,does not do free driver updates,does not do free driver updates,Agree,Agree,Agree,Agree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,No,No,,,,,No,No,,,,,,,NEW ZEALAND,APAC
81,355845,Regularly - Every day,Sometimes - Once a month,7,Use mainly for updates or if the computer shows up a message,Use mainly for updates or if the computer shows up a message,Agree,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,Agree,>60 days,,,,,,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,,,SINGAPORE,APAC
82,355912,Regularly - Every day,Only as needed - When computer prompts,3,"What the heck is it for? Who if anyone uses vantage?  Im sure the update notifications are actually for helpful updates... Why do you even ask your customers these questions, if you dont give a shit what the feedback from humans tells you? We are sick of your corporate bs, just get woke and get broke already!","What the heck is it for? Who if anyone uses vantage?  Im sure the update notifications are actually for helpful updates... Why do you even ask your customers these questions, if you dont give a shit what the feedback from humans tells you? We are sick of your corporate bs, just get woke and get broke already!",Disagree,Agree,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,No,No,,,,,No,No,,,,,We people really only care that our computer runs properly all the time.,We people really only care that our computer runs properly all the time.,JAPAN,APAC
83,356136,Frequently - Once a week,Sometimes - Once a month,2,"Ich bin ein Anwender und kenne mich sehr schlecht aus, was notwendig ist. Besonders nervig finde ich die  Angabe von Smart Audio: ""A conexant audio device could not be found. The application will now exit."", die ich nicht entfernen, bereinigen oder sonstwas kann und mitten in der Arbeit an Dokumenten oder in Meetings aufpoppt. Ich habe also keine Ahnung, was Lenovo Vantage bringt und macht. Ich wurde bisher nur von Microsoft verständigt, dass ein Update möglich ist, von Lenovo Vantage habe ich bisher nix gesehen.   - Ich wäre aber froh, wenn das für mich optimiert wird.","I am a user and have very little knowledge of what is necessary. I find the Smart Audio statement particularly annoying: ""A conexant audio device could not be found. The application will now exit."", which I can't remove, clean up or anything else and pops up in the middle of working on documents or in meetings. So I have no idea what Lenovo Vantage brings and does. So far I've only been informed by Microsoft that an update is possible, I haven't seen anything from Lenovo Vantage so far. - But I would be happy if this would be optimized for me.",Disagree,Disagree,Neither agree or disagree,Strongly disagree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,,,AUSTRIA,EMEA
84,356143,Regularly - Every day,Only as needed - When computer prompts,10,it prompts when i have an update to go with.,it prompts when i have an update to go with.,Neither agree or disagree,Agree,Agree,Agree,Last 7 days,Extremely satisfied,it is good and easy for user,it is good and easy for user,"Download drivers, software or firmware updates",,,"Yes, objective complete",live chat,live chat,Yes,,Agree,Agree,no,no,Yes,,Agree,Agree,ok,ok,no,no,MALAYSIA,APAC
85,356164,Regularly - Every day,Sometimes - Once a month,6,必要な更新の見落としを防止できるから,Because you can prevent oversight of necessary updates,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,No,No,,,,,背景の画像は不要,No background image required,JAPAN,APAC
86,356197,Regularly - Every day,Sometimes - Once a month,8,アップデートの確認やPCの状態確認に使用しているが特に不便は感じていない。自動的にアップデートなども実行されるので満足している。,"I use it to check for updates and the status of my PC, but I don't feel any inconvenience. I am satisfied because the update etc. are automatically executed.",Agree,Agree,Agree,Neither agree or disagree,Last 60 days,,,,,,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,特に無し。,nothing especially.,JAPAN,APAC
87,356279,Regularly - Every day,Only as needed - When computer prompts,4,"I only use it for the necessary software update. Wasnt sure other than this, what are the other intended purpose.","I only use it for the necessary software update. Wasnt sure other than this, what are the other intended purpose.",Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,Disagree,Disagree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,Yes,,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,,,No,Yes,,,,,"When I did the latest software update installation, it failed a couple of times, there is no mention of the potential solution other than restarting my laptop. Would appreciate if more guidance can be given","When I did the latest software update installation, it failed a couple of times, there is no mention of the potential solution other than restarting my laptop. Would appreciate if more guidance can be given",MALAYSIA,APAC
88,356501,Regularly - Every day,Regularly - Every day,4,Some keys in my keyboard do not work anymore after the windows update.,Some keys in my keyboard do not work anymore after the windows update.,Agree,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,Strongly disagree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,Please make your support accessible to all and please help me fix my laptop keyboard.,Please make your support accessible to all and please help me fix my laptop keyboard.,PHILIPPINES,APAC
89,356686,Regularly - Every day,Rarely - Once every couple of month,4,I only use it to check for driver updates.,I only use it to check for driver updates.,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,Disagree,>60 days,,,,,,,,,,Yes,,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,Don't use it.,Don't use it.,Yes,,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,I find the privacy and camera prompts irritating.,I find the privacy and camera prompts irritating.,,,AUSTRALIA,APAC
90,356689,Regularly - Every day,Only as needed - When computer prompts,4,"Vantage program is OK, the laptop itself isn't. The Wifi card doesn't wake up after going to sleep, no matter how many updates, power options or even registry. Even as an advanced user i can't solve this issue. The only way for it to work again is to reboot the computer, which makes no sense when wanting the Sleep function. Further there is no option to reverse the scroll on the track pad. The computer also hangs at times even when no memory demanding programs are running. The webcam is medium at best, resolution is quite average, same for the display which has a quite narrow viewing angle before it starts shifting brightness. I wanted to purchase a product that was sensibly priced for office use but realized Lenovo shouldn't have been my choice. Sorry not sorry, i do regret my purchase.","Vantage program is OK, the laptop itself isn't. The Wifi card doesn't wake up after going to sleep, no matter how many updates, power options or even registry. Even as an advanced user i can't solve this issue. The only way for it to work again is to reboot the computer, which makes no sense when wanting the Sleep function. Further there is no option to reverse the scroll on the track pad. The computer also hangs at times even when no memory demanding programs are running. The webcam is medium at best, resolution is quite average, same for the display which has a quite narrow viewing angle before it starts shifting brightness. I wanted to purchase a product that was sensibly priced for office use but realized Lenovo shouldn't have been my choice. Sorry not sorry, i do regret my purchase.",Agree,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,>60 days,,,,,,,,,,No,No,,,,,No,No,,,,,,,MACAU,PRC
91,356717,Regularly - Every day,Only as needed - When computer prompts,8,The System Update features should be in Windows Update.  It should also be available for Linux.,The System Update features should be in Windows Update.  It should also be available for Linux.,Agree,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,Yes,,Agree,Agree,,,No,No,,,,,It would be nice if Lenovo provided Linux support on a wider range of laptops. My last laptop purchases were not Lenovo due to soldered RAM with high prices for increased RAM and the lack of Linux support on a wider range of laptops.,It would be nice if Lenovo provided Linux support on a wider range of laptops. My last laptop purchases were not Lenovo due to soldered RAM with high prices for increased RAM and the lack of Linux support on a wider range of laptops.,AUSTRALIA,APAC
92,357099,Regularly - Every day,Regularly - Every day,9,"You can add bits and bits and update some features like intelligent cooling doesn't work for me, Please fix it.","You can add bits and bits and update some features like intelligent cooling doesn't work for me, Please fix it.",Strongly agree,Disagree,Disagree,Agree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,,,INDIA,APAC
93,357245,Regularly - Every day,Sometimes - Once a month,10,"All kind of system updates will be available which is required to perform system better. When I see ""No updates available. Your system is up to date."" I will be so confident that I will not get any system issues.  Even I could see accessories to purchase if required as per my need. It is like a dish which has all required proteins and vitamins to the system.","All kind of system updates will be available which is required to perform system better. When I see ""No updates available. Your system is up to date."" I will be so confident that I will not get any system issues.  Even I could see accessories to purchase if required as per my need. It is like a dish which has all required proteins and vitamins to the system.",Strongly agree,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,Last 60 days,,,,,,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,Thank you for your support.,Thank you for your support.,INDIA,APAC
94,357337,Regularly - Every day,Frequently - Once a week,7,コンピュータの更新や、各種状態がすぐにわかるところが良い。,It is good that you can immediately see the update of the computer and various states.,Agree,Agree,Neither agree or disagree,Agree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,No,No,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,,,JAPAN,APAC
95,357489,Regularly - Every day,Sometimes - Once a month,4,The Last update driver I GOT FROM LENOVO VANTAGE gave my PC a display problem when I turn off Hybrid mode.,The Last update driver I GOT FROM LENOVO VANTAGE gave my PC a display problem when I turn off Hybrid mode.,Strongly agree,Disagree,Agree,Neither agree or disagree,Last 7 days,3,The Last update driver I GOT FROM LENOVO VANTAGE gave my PC a display problem when I turn off Hybrid mode.,The Last update driver I GOT FROM LENOVO VANTAGE gave my PC a display problem when I turn off Hybrid mode.,"Download drivers, software or firmware updates",,,"Yes, objective complete",The Last update driver I GOT FROM LENOVO VANTAGE gave my PC a display problem when I turn off Hybrid mode. Please Test updates carefully before sharing. Thank you!,The Last update driver I GOT FROM LENOVO VANTAGE gave my PC a display problem when I turn off Hybrid mode. Please Test updates carefully before sharing. Thank you!,Yes,,Agree,Neither agree or disagree,,,Yes,,Agree,Agree,,,,,PAKISTAN,APAC
96,357840,Regularly - Every day,Frequently - Once a week,10,Con la Experiencia con el Programa de Lenovo Vantage fue muy fácil para ver con la información con el Estado del Funcionamiento con la Calidad Notebook de Lenovo.  Fue muy Accesible de poder ver y resolver la soluciones para actualizar aplicaciones estar todo en orden de funcionamiento.,With the Lenovo Vantage Experience Program it was very easy to view with the Lenovo Notebook Quality Performance Status information.  It was very accessible to be able to see and solve the solutions to update applications to be everything in working order.,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,Last 7 days,Extremely satisfied,Con el Soporte Técnico pude revisar y comprobar si algunos faltaban componentes Software ó Firmware para poder actualizar y poder instalar para estar todo el Orden.  Pero después de la compra mi Nuevo Notebook Lenovo al Actualizar cosas Nueva Novedades y al re-iniciar el problema del Touchpad Mouse Mano Táctil dejó funcionar.   Y se desapareció el driver faltante aun no la pude resolver para volver normalidad funcionamiento de Touchpad Mouse Mano Táctil.,"With the Technical Support I was able to review and check if some Software or Firmware components were missing to be able to update and to be able to install to be all the Order.  But after buying my New Lenovo Notebook when Updating New What's New things and re-starting the Touchpad Mouse Touch Hand problem stopped working.  And the missing driver disappeared, I still could not solve it to return normal operation of the Touchpad Mouse Touch Hand.","Download drivers, software or firmware updates",,,"No, Issue still in progress","Con la Compre este año 2022 Nuevo Notebook Lenovo en la aplicaciones había aviso nuevo actualizaciones Lenovo Vantage y al instalar en cada componente software para funcionar en los sistemas.  Al Re-Iniciar me entero el Touchpad dejó de Funcionar y desapareció el Driver Faltante para funcionar el Touchpad Mano Táctil.  Espero con una buena Servicio Técnico dar un mano de ayuda para poder resolver sobre este ""Touchpad driver Mano Táctil""","With the Buy this year 2022 New Lenovo Notebook in the applications there was notice of new Lenovo Vantage updates and when installing in each software component to run on the systems.  When Re-Starting I find out the Touchpad stopped Working and the Missing Driver disappeared to work the Touchpad Hand Touch.  I hope with a good Technical Service to give a helping hand to solve this ""Touchpad driver Touch Hand""",Yes,,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,Al Comprar mi Nueva Notebook Lenovo al bajar Lenovo Vantage me chequearon uno por uno en general. Y luego me detectan varios driver para actualizar ò instalar nuevos componentes drivers.  Y al re-iniciar con el Windows 10 Pro lo vuelvo a tocar Touchpad Mano Táctil dejó funcionar y pronto desapareció con el Driver Faltante de Touchpad Mano Táctil.  Me dan varias vueltas y no me dejan para buscar drivers faltante y no la puedo descargar y poder instalar en este problema Drivers de Touchpad Mano Táctil.  Te pido dar una mano Soporte Técnico para poder resolver y poder solucionarlo muy pronto.  Espero con mucha ayuda.  Gracias!!!,When I bought my New Lenovo Notebook when I downloaded Lenovo Vantage they checked me one by one in general. And then they detect several drivers to update or install new driver components.  And when re-booting with the Windows 10 Pro I touch it again Touchpad Touch Hand stopped working and soon disappeared with Missing Touchpad Driver Touch Hand.  They give me several laps and they don't let me search for missing drivers and I can't download it and be able to install Touchpad Hand Touchpad Drivers in this problem.  I ask you to give a hand Technical Support to be able to solve it and to be able to solve it very soon.  I hope with much help.  Thanks!!!,Yes,,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,,,,,ARGENTINA,LAS
97,357903,Regularly - Every day,Sometimes - Once a month,8,Update from Lenovo Vantage make my laptop slighty smooth,Update from Lenovo Vantage make my laptop slighty smooth,Agree,Agree,Agree,Agree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,Yes,,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,,,No,No,,,,,,,INDONESIA,APAC
98,357971,Regularly - Every day,Sometimes - Once a month,7,good reminder for system updates and upgrade of warranty for forgetful people like me.,good reminder for system updates and upgrade of warranty for forgetful people like me.,Agree,Agree,Agree,Agree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,Yes,,Agree,Agree,,,No,Yes,,,,,,,PHILIPPINES,APAC
99,358402,Regularly - Every day,Sometimes - Once a month,10,IBM時代から 我が家、兄弟、親戚関係者にThinkPadを買い Lenovoになってからも引き続き愛用しております。 他社では基本 OSのUpgradeに伴うDriver、BIOSの提供はされてませんがTinkPadに関しては安心してOSのUpgradeもできたい年満足してます。 宅内のインターネット更新にあたり業者の方がセットアップしながら家族みんな黒い巨体（ThinkPad）を使っているのを見ながら Lenovoファン一家ですね！と驚いてました。 昨日の東京電力の電力供給があやうくなるといった中、昔のシステムで採用されていたピーク・シフトがあれば バカ受けしたのにと残念ですが（笑）,"Since the days of IBM, I have bought ThinkPad for my family, brothers and relatives and have been using it since I became Lenovo. Other companies do not provide drivers and BIOS for upgrading the basic OS, but I am satisfied with the year when I want to upgrade the OS with confidence regarding TinkPad. It's a Lenovo fan family while watching the whole family use a black giant (ThinkPad) while setting up the Internet update in the house! I was surprised. It's a pity that I would have been stupid if there was a peak shift used in the old system while the power supply of TEPCO yesterday was getting worse (laughs).",Strongly agree,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,>60 days,,,,,,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,,,JAPAN,APAC
100,359117,Regularly - Every day,Sometimes - Once a month,7,簡単にアップデートが出来る 古いモデルにも力を入れて欲しい,Easy to update I want you to focus on old models,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,Agree,Strongly agree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,,,JAPAN,APAC
101,359148,Regularly - Every day,Regularly - Every day,6,System Update doesn't always reflect latest available updates on the Lenovo support web site.,System Update doesn't always reflect latest available updates on the Lenovo support web site.,Agree,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,,,INDONESIA,APAC
102,359305,Regularly - Every day,Frequently - Once a week,7,lenovo should work quality of material used and hardware and also software updates.,lenovo should work quality of material used and hardware and also software updates.,Agree,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,Last 30 days,8,good,good,Access documents such as user guides or manuals,,,"Yes, objective complete",,,Yes,,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,,,Yes,,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,,,,,INDIA,APAC
103,359401,Regularly - Every day,Only as needed - When computer prompts,8,"Very much satisfied,please give us through all software and driver updates as prompt as necessary,frequently as needed.","Very much satisfied,please give us through all software and driver updates as prompt as necessary,frequently as needed.",Agree,Neither agree or disagree,Agree,Agree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,Yes,,Agree,Agree,"Please deliver us the updated version of ""Smart Performance""","Please deliver us the updated version of ""Smart Performance""",Yes,,Agree,Agree,Please help us to boost.,Please help us to boost.,Please provide more additional capabilities,Please provide more additional capabilities,INDIA,APAC
104,359416,Regularly - Every day,Only as needed - When computer prompts,5,win11にアップデート出来なかった。,I couldn't update to win11.,Neither agree or disagree,Disagree,Disagree,Strongly disagree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,No,No,,,,,No,No,,,,,マウスやキーボードが先に故障した。本体自体の信頼性も少し不安になります。,The mouse or keyboard broke down first. The reliability of the main unit itself is also a little uneasy.,JAPAN,APAC
105,359588,Regularly - Every day,Frequently - Once a week,10,i use only this for system update and keyboard light,i use only this for system update and keyboard light,Strongly disagree,Strongly disagree,Strongly disagree,Strongly disagree,Last 7 days,Extremely satisfied,i call customer service for blue screen and something keyboard not working,i call customer service for blue screen and something keyboard not working,Check repair status,,,"Yes, objective complete",nothing,nothing,Yes,,Strongly disagree,Strongly disagree,nothing,nothing,Yes,,Strongly disagree,Strongly disagree,nothing,nothing,,,PHILIPPINES,APAC
106,359793,Regularly - Every day,Regularly - Every day,10,I use smart performance and the updates. Generally provides good support to keep PC in good health,I use smart performance and the updates. Generally provides good support to keep PC in good health,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,>60 days,,,,,,,,,,Yes,,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,Unfortunately it did miss on some malware so I purchased an outside programme to ensure it was eradicated. Generally it's a good service and keeps my computer relatively clean.,Unfortunately it did miss on some malware so I purchased an outside programme to ensure it was eradicated. Generally it's a good service and keeps my computer relatively clean.,Yes,,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,,,"No - there is an intermittent issue I experience which appears to be software related. It's my @ and "" symbol which tend to get mixed up and then I run a few programmes and it self corrects again","No - there is an intermittent issue I experience which appears to be software related. It's my @ and "" symbol which tend to get mixed up and then I run a few programmes and it self corrects again",AUSTRALIA,APAC
107,360042,Regularly - Every day,Regularly - Every day,5,The first time using it was the best but when I updated my software it started logging and the cloud is so annoying.,The first time using it was the best but when I updated my software it started logging and the cloud is so annoying.,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,Yes,,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,,,No,No,,,,,To have a choice of using the cloud and not using it.,To have a choice of using the cloud and not using it.,PHILIPPINES,APAC
108,360441,Regularly - Every day,Sometimes - Once a month,10,Updates to computer at regular intervals which are seamless.,Updates to computer at regular intervals which are seamless.,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,Nothing.,Nothing.,INDIA,APAC
109,360458,Regularly - Every day,Frequently - Once a week,8,OSとデバイスのアップデート状況が一つのツールで把握できるため便利だと思います。,I think it is convenient because you can grasp the update status of the OS and device with one tool.,Agree,Agree,Agree,Agree,Last 7 days,6,テクニカルサポートを受けたことがないため不明です。,Unknown because I have never received technical support.,"Download drivers, software or firmware updates",,,"Yes, objective complete",テクニカルサポートを受けたことがないため不明です。,Unknown because I have never received technical support.,Yes,,Agree,Agree,特にありません。,Nothing in particular.,No,No,,,,,特にありません。,Nothing in particular.,JAPAN,APAC
110,360623,Regularly - Every day,Sometimes - Once a month,8,vantage in comparison to other software like asus one or dell or hp is seems kind of basic in functionality and provides us with very few option the last boot update locked the voltage on cpu so there you go freedom is gone just like in the country in which this laptop was made :),vantage in comparison to other software like asus one or dell or hp is seems kind of basic in functionality and provides us with very few option the last boot update locked the voltage on cpu so there you go freedom is gone just like in the country in which this laptop was made :),Agree,Agree,Agree,Agree,Last 30 days,8,because you  made me write this comment and i am not in any mood to write the compulsory comment,because you  made me write this comment and i am not in any mood to write the compulsory comment,Other,changing laptop tweaks,changing laptop tweaks,"Yes, objective complete",mux switch support to laptop with able to adjust the either the performance or battery life and the conservative modes are the things i like + on daily basis I use the tray icon for accessing the microphone and camera privacy settings just like the people are getting used by the government of the country in which this laptop was manufactured :),mux switch support to laptop with able to adjust the either the performance or battery life and the conservative modes are the things i like + on daily basis I use the tray icon for accessing the microphone and camera privacy settings just like the people are getting used by the government of the country in which this laptop was manufactured :),Yes,,Strongly disagree,Strongly disagree,it take way too much money for it services and don't even provide accurate data just like china :),it take way too much money for it services and don't even provide accurate data just like china :),No,Yes,,,,,no,no,INDIA,APAC
111,360645,Regularly - Every day,Sometimes - Once a month,6,"Some of the problems are not resolve example compatibly checking for the windows 11 update is not function properly, while the problem was identifying but not resolve it.","Some of the problems are not resolve example compatibly checking for the windows 11 update is not function properly, while the problem was identifying but not resolve it.",Disagree,Neither agree or disagree,Disagree,Neither agree or disagree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,No,No,,,,,No,No,,,,,,,INDIA,APAC
112,360951,Regularly - Every day,Rarely - Once every couple of month,2,Too many updates. make my pc slow also eat my internet speed. please provide option to disable updates from vantage.,Too many updates. make my pc slow also eat my internet speed. please provide option to disable updates from vantage.,Agree,Disagree,Strongly disagree,Neither agree or disagree,Last 60 days,,,,,,,,,,Yes,,Agree,Neither agree or disagree,,,No,No,,,,,,,INDIA,APAC
113,360984,Regularly - Every day,Regularly - Every day,7,I am hoping to have the new updates of the Advanced Optimus on my Legion 5 2021,I am hoping to have the new updates of the Advanced Optimus on my Legion 5 2021,Agree,Agree,Agree,Agree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,How we will be able to update our Legion 5 to have the Advanced Optimus? Jarrod's Tech mentioned that his Legion 5 2021 already got an update but he does not know how he got it.,How we will be able to update our Legion 5 to have the Advanced Optimus? Jarrod's Tech mentioned that his Legion 5 2021 already got an update but he does not know how he got it.,PHILIPPINES,APAC
114,361014,Regularly - Every day,Rarely - Once every couple of month,7,"Too many Lenovo programs is confusing. Vantage, PC experience, Service Bridge, Solution Center, System Update, ThinkVantage Tools etc. Too many. Merge them, please.","Too many Lenovo programs is confusing. Vantage, PC experience, Service Bridge, Solution Center, System Update, ThinkVantage Tools etc. Too many. Merge them, please.",Agree,Agree,Agree,Neither agree or disagree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,,,UNITED ARAB EMIRATES,EMEA
115,361194,Regularly - Every day,Regularly - Every day,0,アップデート情報がいいかげん！！！　一度導入したにもかかわらず同じversionで再度表示される。 ２，３回繰り返したが、再導入を推奨される 当初３つあったが、現在も１つ存在する,"I don't like the update information! !! !! Although it was installed once, it will be displayed again with the same version. Repeated a few times, but reintroduction is recommended Initially there were three, but there is still one today",Strongly disagree,Disagree,Disagree,Disagree,Last 7 days,0,アップデート情報がいいかげん！！！　一度導入したにもかかわらず同じversionで再度表示される。 ２，３回繰り返したが、再導入を推奨される 当初３つあったが、現在も１つ存在する,"I don't like the update information! !! !! Although it was installed once, it will be displayed again with the same version. Repeated a few times, but reintroduction is recommended Initially there were three, but there is still one today","Download drivers, software or firmware updates",,,"No, Issue still in progress",修正プログラムのアップデートを期待しているが、満足度はとても低い,"Expecting hotfix updates, but very low satisfaction",Yes,,Agree,Neither agree or disagree,コンペ商品と比べ優位性を感じない,I do not feel superiority compared to competition products,Yes,,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,コンペ商品と比較して優位性を感じない,I do not feel superiority compared to competition products,修正プログラムアップデート機能をもっと精度アップしてほしい,I want you to improve the accuracy of the patch update function.,JAPAN,APAC
116,361373,Regularly - Every day,Frequently - Once a week,10,It's easy to check on software updates and the condition of my machine given the platform to check everything in one place.,It's easy to check on software updates and the condition of my machine given the platform to check everything in one place.,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,Yes,,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,,,Yes,,Agree,Agree,,,,,INDONESIA,APAC
117,362001,Regularly - Every day,Regularly - Every day,8,PCのハードウェアのアップデートが簡単になります。,It makes it easy to update your PC hardware.,Disagree,Neither agree or disagree,Disagree,Disagree,Last 7 days,6,使っていないので、無評価,"Not used, so no evaluation",Perform diagnostic scan,,,"Yes, objective complete",,,No,No,,,,,No,No,,,,,,,JAPAN,APAC
118,362270,Regularly - Every day,Frequently - Once a week,5,"Hi Lenovo,  Give updates properly","Hi Lenovo,  Give updates properly",Agree,Neither agree or disagree,Agree,Neither agree or disagree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,Yes,,Neither agree or disagree,Agree,,,,,INDIA,APAC
119,362310,Regularly - Every day,Rarely - Once every couple of month,0,"I neither want nor need this uninvited nuisance on my computer. I did not activate it at any time. I actually ignored all your attempts to activate it. One day, after a update was completed, I became aware it was activated without my authority. How dare you!! This is MY laptop and you do not have the right to update it nor activate any such things without my permission! I require you to now support me to remove it form my laptop. Additionally, you must now stop performing updates on this laptop.  I am only selecting YES to a following question to get support for what I require in this response here.","I neither want nor need this uninvited nuisance on my computer. I did not activate it at any time. I actually ignored all your attempts to activate it. One day, after a update was completed, I became aware it was activated without my authority. How dare you!! This is MY laptop and you do not have the right to update it nor activate any such things without my permission! I require you to now support me to remove it form my laptop. Additionally, you must now stop performing updates on this laptop.  I am only selecting YES to a following question to get support for what I require in this response here.",Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,The information I selected Yes for in the previous 2 questions is solely for removing Lenovo Advantage from my laptop.,The information I selected Yes for in the previous 2 questions is solely for removing Lenovo Advantage from my laptop.,NEW ZEALAND,APAC
120,362369,Regularly - Every day,Rarely - Once every couple of month,0,it asks me to update my bios? but doesn't explain how,it asks me to update my bios? but doesn't explain how,Strongly disagree,Strongly disagree,Strongly disagree,Strongly disagree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,No,No,,,,,,,AUSTRALIA,APAC
121,362456,Regularly - Every day,Sometimes - Once a month,10,pour les mise ajour,for the updates,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,Last 7 days,Extremely satisfied,mise a jour bios,bios update,"Download drivers, software or firmware updates",,,"Yes, objective complete",rien,nothing,Yes,,Agree,Agree,non,not,No,No,,,,,non,not,FRANCE,EMEA
122,362466,Regularly - Every day,Frequently - Once a week,7,Ｔｈｉｎｋｐａｄのアップデート等が簡単にできる。,You can easily update Thinkpad.,Agree,Agree,Agree,Agree,Last 7 days,8,個人的には、Ｔｈｉｎｋｐａｄしか選択肢がない状況なので、この環境をいかにうまく利用させていただくかだと思う。,"Personally, I have only Thinkpad as an option, so I think how to make good use of this environment.","Download drivers, software or firmware updates",,,"Yes, objective complete",今のところ特に不憫は感じてないです。,"So far, I don't feel any pity.",No,No,,,,,No,No,,,,,特にありません。,Nothing in particular.,JAPAN,APAC
123,362519,Regularly - Every day,Frequently - Once a week,7,Lenovo Vantage easy to use and help me to update my PC.,Lenovo Vantage easy to use and help me to update my PC.,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,Last 7 days,8,Lenovo Vantage is the good for maintain overall PC experience,Lenovo Vantage is the good for maintain overall PC experience,"Download drivers, software or firmware updates",,,"Yes, objective complete",,,Yes,,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,,,Yes,,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,,,,,INDIA,APAC
124,362537,Regularly - Every day,Only as needed - When computer prompts,5,"Ich brauche es sehr selten, somit kann ich keine genauere Wertung zum Programm abgeben. Mir ist der Sinn und Zweck bekannt, jedoch bin ich es nach wie vor gewohnt Updates manuell via Microsoft zu holen.","I very rarely need it, so I can't give a more accurate rating of the program. I know the purpose, but I'm still used to getting updates manually via Microsoft.",Agree,Neither agree or disagree,Agree,Neither agree or disagree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,No,No,,,,,No,No,,,,,,,GERMANY,EMEA
125,363043,Regularly - Every day,Regularly - Every day,2,Whenever I check for updates I never get updates of my basic drivers and always got a message that we are working on it.,Whenever I check for updates I never get updates of my basic drivers and always got a message that we are working on it.,Agree,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,Strongly disagree,Last 7 days,2,My hard disk was ejected after some time I contacted Lenovo technical support but he is not able to resolve the issue. I tried all the possible troubleshooting he suggested to me even I reinstall the windows but my issue persists till now.,My hard disk was ejected after some time I contacted Lenovo technical support but he is not able to resolve the issue. I tried all the possible troubleshooting he suggested to me even I reinstall the windows but my issue persists till now.,"Download drivers, software or firmware updates",,,"No, Issue still in progress",to make them understand the concern is the biggest problem I faced during my conversation and reaching the optimal solution is all I need from the support team,to make them understand the concern is the biggest problem I faced during my conversation and reaching the optimal solution is all I need from the support team,Yes,,Strongly disagree,Strongly disagree,,,Yes,,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,,,Please send the basic drivers for my system I have to manually download after reinstalling the windows everytime. Lenovo vantage did not automatically captures the update state,Please send the basic drivers for my system I have to manually download after reinstalling the windows everytime. Lenovo vantage did not automatically captures the update state,INDIA,APAC
126,363301,Regularly - Every day,Regularly - Every day,10,Because it says how many battery I have left and it tells how many updates for my laptop so that I could update my laptop.,Because it says how many battery I have left and it tells how many updates for my laptop so that I could update my laptop.,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,No,Yes,,,,None because it is already amazing and it is better than the UI and tells stuff I don't even know and if my laptop is nearly dead.,No,Yes,,,,,None it is already good enough for me and tells me how much battery I have left and updates to remind me about.,None it is already good enough for me and tells me how much battery I have left and updates to remind me about.,PHILIPPINES,APAC
127,363391,Regularly - Every day,Frequently - Once a week,7,There is lot of place for improvements on updates and other things.,There is lot of place for improvements on updates and other things.,Agree,Agree,Agree,Neither agree or disagree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,Yes,,Agree,Agree,,,Yes,,Agree,Agree,,,Please made your paid sevices on monthly or quarterly basis,Please made your paid sevices on monthly or quarterly basis,INDIA,APAC
128,363549,Regularly - Every day,Regularly - Every day,9,システムアップデートが安定している点。,The point that the system update is stable.,Agree,Strongly agree,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,>60 days,,,,,,,,,,No,No,,,,,No,No,,,,,,,JAPAN,APAC
129,363736,Regularly - Every day,Only as needed - When computer prompts,3,"Camera stopped working when updates are necessary. But can't update without a massive rigmarole and it was a nightmare to try to get updates to work.  My child has a Lenovo laptop and has the same issue. Lots of people online also claim the same.  Laptop has trouble connecting to the wifi, and is often slow, but I suspect this is an internet issue rather than the lenovo itself.","Camera stopped working when updates are necessary. But can't update without a massive rigmarole and it was a nightmare to try to get updates to work.  My child has a Lenovo laptop and has the same issue. Lots of people online also claim the same.  Laptop has trouble connecting to the wifi, and is often slow, but I suspect this is an internet issue rather than the lenovo itself.",Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,No,No,,,,,,,AUSTRALIA,APAC
130,363885,Regularly - Every day,Regularly - Every day,7,Update from lenovo vantage is quite long,Update from lenovo vantage is quite long,Agree,Agree,Agree,Agree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,nope,nope,INDONESIA,APAC
131,364130,Frequently - Once a week,Sometimes - Once a month,6,ファームウェアアップデートができなかったため,Because the firmware could not be updated,Agree,Neither agree or disagree,Disagree,Disagree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,システムトレイに収められるようになってほしい,I want it to fit in the system tray,JAPAN,APAC
132,364317,Regularly - Every day,Rarely - Once every couple of month,9,it keeps me updated.,it keeps me updated.,Agree,Agree,Agree,Agree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,none.,none.,PHILIPPINES,APAC
133,364545,Regularly - Every day,Sometimes - Once a month,5,"Occasionally when a software update is being installed through windows update, some problems experienced with the new updates cannot be fixed through Lenovo vantage","Occasionally when a software update is being installed through windows update, some problems experienced with the new updates cannot be fixed through Lenovo vantage",Agree,Agree,Agree,Disagree,Last 60 days,,,,,,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,None at this moment in time. But I appreciate the survey conducted by Lenovo.,None at this moment in time. But I appreciate the survey conducted by Lenovo.,KENYA,EMEA
134,364803,Regularly - Every day,Sometimes - Once a month,7,واجهة مريحة، تحديث مباشر بدون تفاصيل. ولكن للأسف لا يمكن تخصيص الأيقونات وإزالة بعضها. ولا يوجد خدمة أسئلة ودعم مباشر تفيدني في الحصول على المعلومة الصحيحة.,"Convenient interface, live update without details. Unfortunately it is not possible to customize the icons and remove some of them. There is no direct question and support service that would help me obtain the correct information.",Agree,Agree,Neither agree or disagree,Disagree,Last 30 days,4,لم أستطع الحصول على إجابة، والوصول لدعم فني مباشر وسريع كان صعبا.,"I couldn't get an answer, and getting direct and fast technical support was difficult.","Find service part or accessory information (keyboard, mouse, etc.)",,,No relevant information found,وضع خدمة مباشرة للمحادثة أو التفاعل السريع للحصول على إجابات بما يتعلق بخدمات Lenovo عموما، وبقطع الغيار والملحقات خصوصا.,"Establish a live service for quick chat or interaction to get answers regarding Lenovo services in general, and parts and accessories in particular.",Yes,,Agree,Agree,,,No,Yes,,,,,,,SAUDI ARABIA,EMEA
135,365189,Frequently - Once a week,Sometimes - Once a month,8,because of the firmware updates and care i get.,because of the firmware updates and care i get.,Agree,Agree,Neither agree or disagree,Strongly agree,>60 days,,,,,,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,No,No,,,,,"no. thats it, thank you for the survey.","no. thats it, thank you for the survey.",NEPAL,APAC
136,365258,Regularly - Every day,Only as needed - When computer prompts,3,"Je cherche à augmenter la couleur et j'ai jamais rien trouvé là-dessus. A quoi sert Lenovo Vantage ? Je sais pas trop en fait... Ce que je constate, c'est que les mises à jour ralentissent progressivement l'ordinateur; plus long pour arriver sur bureau, pour ouvrir firefox, sans que je perçoive les améliorations que procurent les mises à jour...","I'm looking to increase the color and I've never found anything on it. What is Lenovo Vantage for? I really don't know... What I see is that the updates gradually slow down the computer; longer to get to the desktop, to open firefox, without me noticing the improvements provided by the updates...",Neither agree or disagree,Disagree,Neither agree or disagree,Disagree,>60 days,,,,,,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,No,No,,,,,Peut-être simplifier l'accès à ce service.,Perhaps simplify access to this service.,FRANCE,EMEA
137,365407,Regularly - Every day,Regularly - Every day,6,アップデートにより配置や表示方法が変更され始めは使いにくかったため,It was difficult to use at the beginning because the layout and display method were changed by the update.,Agree,Agree,Agree,Agree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,No,No,,,,,No,No,,,,,,,JAPAN,APAC
138,365634,Regularly - Every day,Regularly - Every day,9,"easy to check RAM usage & Windows, BIOS Updates with simple clicks.","easy to check RAM usage & Windows, BIOS Updates with simple clicks.",Agree,Agree,Agree,Agree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,Yes,,Agree,Agree,,,No,No,,,,,can't think of any for now,can't think of any for now,INDIA,APAC
139,365685,Regularly - Every day,Only as needed - When computer prompts,3,昨年の５月27日に、頻繁に入って来るVantageの改善からBIOSを更新してしまい、それ以後、主に韓国系の動画(KAKAOTVやPANDORAなど)の再生が滞るようになってしまったことが不満です。BIOSは工場出荷前に戻せるとはいえ、デリケートな物なので簡単にはやらないようにしています。 役立ってる点はセキュリティーのサポートぐらいです。,"On May 27, last year, I updated the BIOS due to the frequent improvement of Vantage, and since then, the playback of mainly Korean videos (KAKAO TV, PANDORA, etc.) has been delayed. Is dissatisfied. Although the BIOS can be restored before shipment from the factory, it is a delicate item and I try not to do it easily. The only thing that helps is security support.",Disagree,Neither agree or disagree,Agree,Neither agree or disagree,>60 days,,,,,,,,,,Yes,,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,スキャンの結果が日曜に入ってきますが、それの見方がよくわかりません。,"The scan results come in on Sunday, but I'm not sure how to read them.",No,No,,,,,特になし,nothing special,JAPAN,APAC
140,366050,Regularly - Every day,Only as needed - When computer prompts,10,great thanks for team to always keep it update.,great thanks for team to always keep it update.,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,Yes,,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,lenovo vantage smart performance is pretty good.,lenovo vantage smart performance is pretty good.,Yes,,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,Lenovo vantage smart privacy is pretty good.,Lenovo vantage smart privacy is pretty good.,,,INDONESIA,APAC
141,366164,Regularly - Every day,Sometimes - Once a month,5,システムアップデートについて完了後に再起動するとまた同じ更新があると聞いてくることがあるから,"If you restart after completing the system update, you may be asked that there is the same update again.",Neither agree or disagree,Agree,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,No,No,,,,,No,No,,,,,同じ内容の更新を何回もしないようにしてほしい(更新後に再起動したら完了となってほしい),Please do not update the same content many times (restart after updating and it will be completed),JAPAN,APAC
142,366545,Regularly - Every day,Frequently - Once a week,10,Funktioniert sehr gut. Systemupdates schnell und einfach,Works very well. System updates quick and easy,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,Yes,,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,,,No,Yes,,,,,,,AUSTRIA,EMEA
143,366546,Regularly - Every day,Frequently - Once a week,9,"It provides me the necessary updates for my laptop such as drivers, or critical updates required for the laptop. Lenovo vantage can be used for monitoring my laptop especially the battery.","It provides me the necessary updates for my laptop such as drivers, or critical updates required for the laptop. Lenovo vantage can be used for monitoring my laptop especially the battery.",Strongly agree,Agree,Agree,Agree,Last 7 days,9,It is very informative and can give me which part of software or drivers required for my laptop.,It is very informative and can give me which part of software or drivers required for my laptop.,Perform diagnostic scan,,,"Yes, objective complete","For smart performance and its recommended action should be taken, I hope it can be bundled when anyone who buys a Lenovo laptop, especially business or gaming class. Hope for 1 or 2 years free. :)","For smart performance and its recommended action should be taken, I hope it can be bundled when anyone who buys a Lenovo laptop, especially business or gaming class. Hope for 1 or 2 years free. :)",Yes,,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,"For smart performance and its recommended action should be taken, I hope it can be bundled when anyone who buys a Lenovo laptop, especially business or gaming class. Hope for 1 or 2 years free. :)","For smart performance and its recommended action should be taken, I hope it can be bundled when anyone who buys a Lenovo laptop, especially business or gaming class. Hope for 1 or 2 years free. :)",No,Yes,,,,,"For smart performance and its recommended action should be taken, I hope it can be bundled when anyone who buys a Lenovo laptop, especially business or gaming class. Hope for 1 or 2 years free. :)","For smart performance and its recommended action should be taken, I hope it can be bundled when anyone who buys a Lenovo laptop, especially business or gaming class. Hope for 1 or 2 years free. :)",INDONESIA,APAC
144,366744,Regularly - Every day,Sometimes - Once a month,10,"Me ha parecido un excelente equipo Lenovo, me siento a gusto y satisfecho por la experiencia de usar la Laptop, ojalá sigan trabajando de esa manera y que a futuro mantengan más relación con los usuarios, actualizaciones al día. Por lo general soy de las personas que me gusta experimentar con nuevas marcas, en este caso mi excepción es seguir usando y recomendando Lenovo. El uso más frecuente que le doy es por mis estudios que llevo adelantando y así poder seguir creciendo y en un futuro encontrar mejores oportunidades, ""El ser humano jamás debe dejar de soñar"". De pronto más adelante pueden considerar en dar algún plus al usuario, como de tener su propio antivirus o alguna otra opción y reducir costes al usuario, ya que por el momento ninguna marca tiene esa opción... Gracias","It has seemed to me an excellent Lenovo team, I feel comfortable and satisfied with the experience of using the Laptop, I hope they continue working in this way and that in the future they maintain a closer relationship with users, daily updates. In general, I am one of those people who likes to experiment with new brands, in this case my exception is to continue using and recommending Lenovo. The most frequent use I give it is for my studies that I have been advancing and thus be able to continue growing and find better opportunities in the future, ""Human beings should never stop dreaming."" Maybe later they can consider giving the user some plus, like having their own antivirus or some other option and reducing costs for the user, since at the moment no brand has that option... Thank you",Strongly agree,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,Yes,,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,,,Yes,,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,,,,,COLOMBIA,LAS
145,366909,Regularly - Every day,Frequently - Once a week,8,"not every driver can download and install well all the time with Lenovo vantages. it should be every individual driver update and fix with this,","not every driver can download and install well all the time with Lenovo vantages. it should be every individual driver update and fix with this,",Strongly agree,Agree,Agree,Strongly agree,>60 days,,,,,,,,,,No,No,,,,,No,No,,,,,no,no,BANGLADESH,APAC
146,366938,Regularly - Every day,Regularly - Every day,6,Need to update quiet often...,Need to update quiet often...,Neither agree or disagree,Agree,Neither agree or disagree,Agree,Last 30 days,8,Still learning the via vantage,Still learning the via vantage,"Download drivers, software or firmware updates",,,"No, Issue still in progress",not good in technical advice..sorry,not good in technical advice..sorry,No,Yes,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,Nothing to comments yet...,Nothing to comments yet...,MALAYSIA,APAC
147,367161,Frequently - Once a week,Frequently - Once a week,8,In anul 2021 dupa o actualizare nu se mai putea initializa laptopul si se afisa meniul pentru gestionare fisiere BIOS.,"In 2021, after an update, the laptop could not be initialized and the menu for managing BIOS files was displayed.",Agree,Agree,Agree,Agree,Last 30 days,9,Mi-ar fi utile informatii formulate in mod accesibil.,Accessible information would be useful to me.,"Download drivers, software or firmware updates",,,"Yes, objective complete",As aprecia sa primnesc notificari pentru actualizarile disponibile.,I would appreciate receiving notifications for available updates.,No,Yes,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,,,ROMANIA,EMEA
148,367399,Frequently - Once a week,Frequently - Once a week,7,BIOSやシステムドライバの更新作業が楽だから,Because it is easy to update the BIOS and system drivers,Agree,Agree,Neither agree or disagree,Agree,Last 30 days,4,修理から戻ってきたPCが正確に組み立てられていなかったりしたから,Because the PC returned from the repair was not assembled correctly,"Find support contact info (phone, chat, service providers, service requests, etc.)",,,"Yes, objective complete",テクニカルサポート自体はよいと思うが、実際の修理作業が雑だと思う,"I think the technical support itself is good, but I think the actual repair work is complicated.",Yes,,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,,,No,No,,,,,,,JAPAN,APAC
149,367426,Regularly - Every day,Sometimes - Once a month,10,プログラムの更新が簡単に出来る,You can easily update the program,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,Neither agree or disagree,Strongly agree,Last 30 days,Extremely satisfied,簡単に更新プログラムが出来る,Easy to update,"Download drivers, software or firmware updates",,,"Yes, objective complete",今は分からない,I don't know now,No,No,,,,,No,No,,,,,今は無い,Not now,JAPAN,APAC
150,367446,Regularly - Every day,Sometimes - Once a month,10,ドライバの再インストールやアップデートなどの管理が極めて容易,Extremely easy to manage driver reinstallations and updates,Strongly agree,Agree,Agree,Agree,>60 days,,,,,,,,,,No,No,,,,,No,No,,,,,,,JAPAN,APAC
151,367528,Regularly - Every day,Frequently - Once a week,0,Update needed ...Windows 11 Update not received yet for LENOVO Products,Update needed ...Windows 11 Update not received yet for LENOVO Products,Agree,Disagree,Strongly disagree,Agree,>60 days,,,,,,,,,,Yes,,Neither agree or disagree,Agree,,,No,Yes,,,,,,,NEPAL,APAC
152,367560,Regularly - Every day,Sometimes - Once a month,7,システム更新をいつも利用していますが、あるとき突然「これまでの記録」が消えていた。何の説明もなく仕様を変更することへの不安を感じる。,"I always use system updates, but at one point the ""records so far"" suddenly disappeared. I feel uneasy about changing the specifications without any explanation.",Agree,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,Agree,Last 60 days,,,,,,,,,,No,No,,,,,No,No,,,,,,,JAPAN,APAC
153,367670,Regularly - Every day,Regularly - Every day,8,My Lenovo ventage doesn't work when I choose not to update to windows 11,My Lenovo ventage doesn't work when I choose not to update to windows 11,Agree,Agree,Agree,Agree,Last 30 days,9,please help me how to operate lenovo ventage again without having to update to windows 11,please help me how to operate lenovo ventage again without having to update to windows 11,Other,many advantages of lenovo ventage that I want to use,many advantages of lenovo ventage that I want to use,"Yes, objective complete",improved operations to do without having to rely on windows updates on the device,improved operations to do without having to rely on windows updates on the device,Yes,,Agree,Agree,"I only suggest that lenovo ventage can still be operated without having to update windows automatically, because my lenovo ventage can't be operated optimally because it doesn't update to windows 11","I only suggest that lenovo ventage can still be operated without having to update windows automatically, because my lenovo ventage can't be operated optimally because it doesn't update to windows 11",Yes,,Agree,Agree,"I only suggest that lenovo ventage can still be operated without having to update windows automatically, because my lenovo ventage can't be operated optimally because it doesn't update to windows 11","I only suggest that lenovo ventage can still be operated without having to update windows automatically, because my lenovo ventage can't be operated optimally because it doesn't update to windows 11","I only suggest that lenovo ventage can still be operated without having to update windows automatically, because my lenovo ventage can't be operated optimally because it doesn't update to windows 11","I only suggest that lenovo ventage can still be operated without having to update windows automatically, because my lenovo ventage can't be operated optimally because it doesn't update to windows 11",INDONESIA,APAC
154,367903,Regularly - Every day,Regularly - Every day,5,"cant tell much, i just feel its good but doesnt good enough. in my opinion just gave us weekly update i guess","cant tell much, i just feel its good but doesnt good enough. in my opinion just gave us weekly update i guess",Agree,Neither agree or disagree,Disagree,Agree,>60 days,,,,,,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,Yes,,Agree,Strongly agree,,,,,INDONESIA,APAC
155,368009,Regularly - Every day,Only as needed - When computer prompts,3,UpDateの必要がない,No need for UpDate,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,>60 days,,,,,,,,,,No,No,,,,,No,No,,,,,,,JAPAN,APAC
156,368056,Regularly - Every day,Sometimes - Once a month,8,"1. the feature on apps updates can still be broadened, 2. allow purchase of warranty extension for those who were not even aware their coverage expired.","1. the feature on apps updates can still be broadened, 2. allow purchase of warranty extension for those who were not even aware their coverage expired.",Strongly agree,Agree,Agree,Agree,>60 days,,,,,,,,,,Yes,,Neither agree or disagree,Agree,,,Yes,,Agree,Agree,,,,,PHILIPPINES,APAC
157,368145,Regularly - Every day,Sometimes - Once a month,7,Easy to update driver and software,Easy to update driver and software,Agree,Agree,Disagree,Agree,Last 30 days,8,fast and friendly,fast and friendly,Check warranty or purchase a service upgrade,,,"Yes, objective complete",warranty and troubleshooting,warranty and troubleshooting,Yes,,Agree,Agree,nothing,nothing,Yes,,Agree,Agree,nothing,nothing,,,MALAYSIA,APAC
158,368250,Regularly - Every day,Sometimes - Once a month,8,"Es fácil comprobar la actualizaciones de la bios y poder actualizarla, es lo que más me preocupa porqué los drivers los instala automáticamente Windows.","It is easy to check the bios updates and be able to update it, which is what worries me the most because the drivers are automatically installed by Windows.",Agree,Strongly agree,Agree,Agree,Last 60 days,,,,,,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,,,SPAIN,EMEA
159,369155,Regularly - Every day,Sometimes - Once a month,3,updates and does performance stuff all the time and fans ramp up,updates and does performance stuff all the time and fans ramp up,Agree,Disagree,Strongly disagree,Neither agree or disagree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,No,No,,,,,No,No,,,,,,,FINLAND,EMEA
160,369292,Regularly - Every day,Frequently - Once a week,10,このアプリで全部の更新が一つでできるから,Because this app can update everything in one,Agree,Agree,Agree,Neither agree or disagree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,,,JAPAN,APAC
161,369443,Regularly - Every day,Sometimes - Once a month,5,"I'm not certain that it adds value when a Lenovo becomes older.  I hadn't had a proper update in ages, yet I still use my Lenovo B50-70 notebook PC for software development daily, and it keeps up.","I'm not certain that it adds value when a Lenovo becomes older.  I hadn't had a proper update in ages, yet I still use my Lenovo B50-70 notebook PC for software development daily, and it keeps up.",Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,Disagree,Neither agree or disagree,Last 60 days,,,,,,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,No,No,SOUTH AFRICA,EMEA
162,369660,Regularly - Every day,Regularly - Every day,8,バッテリー保全モードが気に入ってます。 他のメーカーではなかなかない機能です。 最近のノーとPCは薄型ですが、バッテリー交換が 自分でできませんので、 ＰＣを買ったら最低５年は使う私にはとてもうれしい機能です。 その他の機能（システム更新など）も時々使ってます。,"I like the battery maintenance mode. This is a feature that other manufacturers do not have. Recent No and PC are thin, but battery replacement is I can't do it myself It's a very nice feature for me to use it for at least 5 years after buying a PC. I also use other features (such as system updates) from time to time.",Agree,Agree,Agree,Neither agree or disagree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,No,No,,,,,No,No,,,,,,,JAPAN,APAC
163,369801,Regularly - Every day,Only as needed - When computer prompts,7,More updates on my laptop,More updates on my laptop,Agree,Agree,Agree,Agree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,no,no,SOUTH AFRICA,EMEA
164,370049,Regularly - Every day,Regularly - Every day,10,I have always found driver updates and BIOS updates to work and install without any issues.  I try and keep the PC updated as I never thought that I would be able to actually play games on Intel Iris XE GPU.,I have always found driver updates and BIOS updates to work and install without any issues.  I try and keep the PC updated as I never thought that I would be able to actually play games on Intel Iris XE GPU.,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,Yes,,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,"The only option not available is to the actual Intel Command Centre, possibly have an link to the Intel settings as Lenovo performance boost are turning off applications to run in the background and Intel Command Centre are adding games to the library?","The only option not available is to the actual Intel Command Centre, possibly have an link to the Intel settings as Lenovo performance boost are turning off applications to run in the background and Intel Command Centre are adding games to the library?",No,Yes,,,,,"I don't have any complaints at this stage as I still have an warranty, not certain if after warranty period if I will have similar support","I don't have any complaints at this stage as I still have an warranty, not certain if after warranty period if I will have similar support",SOUTH AFRICA,EMEA
165,370204,Regularly - Every day,Frequently - Once a week,8,the system update feature does not work very well as in it does not find latest drivers otherwise the vantage is very good.,the system update feature does not work very well as in it does not find latest drivers otherwise the vantage is very good.,Strongly agree,Agree,Agree,Neither agree or disagree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,Yes,,Agree,Agree,it alright,it alright,,,PAKISTAN,APAC
166,370322,Regularly - Every day,Sometimes - Once a month,2,"Hi,  It does not detect all updates - sometimes it has to run Update Checks multiple times in order to actually finish the process.  Would be great to have more access to Beta Apps / Drivers  Cheers","Hi,  It does not detect all updates - sometimes it has to run Update Checks multiple times in order to actually finish the process.  Would be great to have more access to Beta Apps / Drivers  Cheers",Agree,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,Disagree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,More updates / more stability,More updates / more stability,ROMANIA,EMEA
167,371363,Regularly - Every day,Regularly - Every day,10,my lenovo laptop stays up to date. Drivers and bios get updated on needed time. Lenovo vantage helps keep my device's battery healthy because it charges up to 50-60% hence prolonging battery's life,my lenovo laptop stays up to date. Drivers and bios get updated on needed time. Lenovo vantage helps keep my device's battery healthy because it charges up to 50-60% hence prolonging battery's life,Agree,Strongly agree,Agree,Strongly agree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,i am contented.,i am contented.,KENYA,EMEA
168,371515,Regularly - Every day,Rarely - Once every couple of month,3,先日、Lenovo Vantage経由でBIOSアップデートを行ったところ、不具合が発生。 BIOSも含めた不具合復帰（巻き戻し）が簡単にできるとよいと思います。  なお、不具合はWindowsは立ち上がるが、すぐにエラーでWindowが落ちるものでした。,"The other day, when I updated the BIOS via Lenovo Vantage, a problem occurred. I think it would be nice to be able to easily recover (rewind) the problem including the BIOS.  In addition, the problem was that Windows started up, but the window fell immediately due to an error.",Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,Last 7 days,3,一般のWebからの検索にしか情報がなかった,There was only information in the search from the general Web,"Download drivers, software or firmware updates",,,No relevant information found,不具合事例・対処法を多く記載してほしい,I want you to describe many trouble cases and remedies.,No,No,,,,,No,No,,,,,,,JAPAN,APAC
169,371631,Regularly - Every day,Regularly - Every day,7,Feel like there could be more options for the users like manual fan control and for my laptop model an update for Nvidia's advanced optimus.,Feel like there could be more options for the users like manual fan control and for my laptop model an update for Nvidia's advanced optimus.,Agree,Agree,Neither agree or disagree,Agree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,Please keep your older laptop models updated for your newer versions of Lenovo Vantage.,Please keep your older laptop models updated for your newer versions of Lenovo Vantage.,PAKISTAN,APAC
170,371733,Regularly - Every day,Frequently - Once a week,2,بعد تحديث البيوس الاخير بعض  الدريفرات فقدت مثل التعرف علي الهاتف المحمول (USP)   2- لا يمكنني التحكم بسرعة المراوح من خلاله 3-كنت اتمني لو ان lenovo vantage يستطيع تغير نوع ال hard disk من mbr الي GPT,"After the latest BIOS update, some drivers are lost, such as mobile phone recognition (USP). 2- I can't control the fan speed through it 3- I wish lenovo vantage could change the type of hard disk from mbr to gpt",Strongly agree,Neither agree or disagree,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,,,EGYPT,EMEA
171,371755,Regularly - Every day,Frequently - Once a week,10,"it helps to update the software, battery health , status warranty and so on.","it helps to update the software, battery health , status warranty and so on.",Strongly agree,Strongly agree,Neither agree or disagree,Agree,Last 30 days,6,"sometimes , when my laptop suddenly restarting, but can't show the condition of why it restarted.","sometimes , when my laptop suddenly restarting, but can't show the condition of why it restarted.","Download drivers, software or firmware updates",,,"Yes, objective complete","please add more information about how to clean the hardware, because in material that used in lenovo, I don't find any valid information to clean the keyboards.","please add more information about how to clean the hardware, because in material that used in lenovo, I don't find any valid information to clean the keyboards.",No,Yes,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,,,INDONESIA,APAC
172,371839,Regularly - Every day,Frequently - Once a week,5,some updates not available,some updates not available,Neither agree or disagree,Disagree,Agree,Neither agree or disagree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,No,No,,,,,goog,goog,INDIA,APAC
173,371955,Regularly - Every day,Frequently - Once a week,7,it's don't have back up before bios update.,it's don't have back up before bios update.,Agree,Agree,Disagree,Agree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,,,VIETNAM,APAC
174,372396,Regularly - Every day,Frequently - Once a week,7,それぞれのデバイスに合った、ドライバのアップデートやBIOSのアップデートが簡単に行えるので良い。 広告的な通知の多さ、アプリケーションUIの直感性の無さ、操作性の悪さが不便だと感じる。,"It's good because you can easily update the driver and BIOS for each device. I find it inconvenient because of the large number of advertising notifications, the lack of intuition of the application UI, and the poor operability.",Neither agree or disagree,Strongly agree,Agree,Neither agree or disagree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,Yes,,Agree,Neither agree or disagree,,,No,No,,,,,,,JAPAN,APAC
175,372405,Regularly - Every day,Frequently - Once a week,9,"it's a great app, i let it find all my updtates. i usually go for Lenovo Vantage instead for Windows Update.","it's a great app, i let it find all my updtates. i usually go for Lenovo Vantage instead for Windows Update.",Agree,Agree,Agree,Neither agree or disagree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,,,ROMANIA,EMEA
176,373025,Regularly - Every day,Sometimes - Once a month,7,"Hyffsat stabil plattform men irriterande i de frekvenser som datorn behöver startas om, vet inte om det beror på Lenovo Vantage eller min arbetsgivares IT-lösning för att trycka ut uppdateringar. Dock har datorn av okänd anledning börjat lägga sig i ""Sleep"" mitt under pågående användning. Dock har detta bara hänt 3-4 gånger på 2 månader, så inget alarmerande (än).","Pretty stable platform but annoying in the frequencies that the computer needs to be restarted, do not know if it is due to Lenovo Vantage or my employer's IT solution to print updates. However, for unknown reasons, the computer has started to go to ""Sleep"" in the middle of current use. However, this has only happened 3-4 times in 2 months, so nothing alarming (yet).",Strongly agree,Agree,Agree,Neither agree or disagree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,No,No,,,,,,,SWEDEN,EMEA
177,373333,Regularly - Every day,Only as needed - When computer prompts,5,يحتاج تدخل المستخدم بشكل دائم كي يقوم بالتحديثات,Constant user intervention is required to make updates,Neither agree or disagree,Agree,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,Last 60 days,,,,,,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,,,GERMANY,EMEA
178,373358,Regularly - Every day,Frequently - Once a week,9,"very helpful, i use it frequently to get updates and perform maintenance to my laptop","very helpful, i use it frequently to get updates and perform maintenance to my laptop",Strongly agree,Agree,Agree,Agree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,Yes,,Agree,Agree,,,Yes,,Agree,Agree,,,,,LEBANON,EMEA
179,373522,Regularly - Every day,Frequently - Once a week,4,アップデート以外の機能は不要な気がする,I feel that functions other than updates are unnecessary,Agree,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,>60 days,,,,,,,,,,No,No,,,,,No,No,,,,,,,JAPAN,APAC
180,373894,Regularly - Every day,Sometimes - Once a month,8,Weil das Programm benutzerfreundlich Treiber aktualisiert. Mehr kann ich dazu nicht schreiben.,Because the program updates drivers user-friendly. I can not write more about it.,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,Agree,Agree,Last 7 days,10,Es ist so.,It is so.,"Download drivers, software or firmware updates",,,"Yes, objective complete",Ohne Worte.,Without words.,No,No,,,,,No,No,,,,,,,GERMANY,EMEA
181,374156,Regularly - Every day,Sometimes - Once a month,9,Updates are sometimes mixed up,Updates are sometimes mixed up,Agree,Agree,Neither agree or disagree,Agree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,,,POLAND,EMEA
182,374283,Regularly - Every day,Regularly - Every day,10,"Monitoraggio Batteria e carica, aggiornamenti","Battery and charge monitoring, updates",Strongly agree,Strongly agree,Agree,Strongly agree,Last 30 days,Extremely satisfied,Facilità di trovare ciò che serve,Ease of finding what you need,"Find support contact info (phone, chat, service providers, service requests, etc.)",,,"Yes, objective complete",,,No,Yes,,,,,No,No,,,,,,,ITALY,EMEA
183,374323,Regularly - Every day,Frequently - Once a week,5,notification de mise à jour,update notification,Agree,Agree,Agree,Agree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,No,No,,,,,No,No,,,,,,,FRANCE,EMEA
184,374397,Regularly - Every day,Frequently - Once a week,10,"It is very helpful when trying to get information and help on its features , status and updates","It is very helpful when trying to get information and help on its features , status and updates",Strongly agree,Strongly agree,Agree,Strongly agree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,Yes,,Agree,Agree,,,No,Yes,,,,,,,SOUTH AFRICA,EMEA
185,374438,Regularly - Every day,Frequently - Once a week,9,"I use it to find updated drivers, tweak the power and battery settings, set my power plan, configure the keyboard, etc.","I use it to find updated drivers, tweak the power and battery settings, set my power plan, configure the keyboard, etc.",Agree,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,Neither agree or disagree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,,,UNITED STATES,AMER
186,374531,Regularly - Every day,Frequently - Once a week,5,"I think Lenovo must make the features and pc health check free to use. Also, give the user the ability to revert to an old dedicated driver with one click, if for example, I install a wrong driver or one installed by windows update which often frustrates the user if things go wrong and we cannot stop Microsoft updates.","I think Lenovo must make the features and pc health check free to use. Also, give the user the ability to revert to an old dedicated driver with one click, if for example, I install a wrong driver or one installed by windows update which often frustrates the user if things go wrong and we cannot stop Microsoft updates.",Agree,Neither agree or disagree,Agree,Neither agree or disagree,>60 days,,,,,,,,,,Yes,,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,,,Yes,,Agree,Agree,,,,,PAKISTAN,APAC
187,374626,Regularly - Every day,Sometimes - Once a month,6,"I cant get rid of the warranty warning even though I can not upgrade it anymore. I get it my warranty expired, well how about you let me cancel that prompt in vantage now that I know it?   Also, Updates that I do not want. Why cant I label them as not wanted, why do they pop up every single time I hit the update button?","I cant get rid of the warranty warning even though I can not upgrade it anymore. I get it my warranty expired, well how about you let me cancel that prompt in vantage now that I know it?   Also, Updates that I do not want. Why cant I label them as not wanted, why do they pop up every single time I hit the update button?",Disagree,Strongly disagree,Agree,Neither agree or disagree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,,,CZECH REPUBLIC,EMEA
188,374718,Regularly - Every day,Frequently - Once a week,4,Updates benötigen zu lange,Updates take too long,Neither agree or disagree,Disagree,Strongly disagree,Neither agree or disagree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,No,No,,,,,No,No,,,,,,,AUSTRIA,EMEA
189,374777,Regularly - Every day,Frequently - Once a week,8,"Date de mise à jours des logiciels intégrés, mise à niveau de mes ordinateurs par rapport à mes besoins.","Date of update of the integrated software, upgrade of my computers compared to my needs.",Strongly agree,Agree,Neither agree or disagree,Strongly agree,Last 30 days,9,Mes ordinateurs fonctionnent de manière optimale,My computers are working optimally,"Download drivers, software or firmware updates",,,"Yes, objective complete",Je plancherais sur un compte LENOVO qui synchroniserais toutes les machines LENOVO que l'on possède tout en tenant évaluant les capacités de chacune des machines.,I would work on a LENOVO account which would synchronize all the LENOVO machines that we have while taking into account the capacities of each of the machines.,No,Yes,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,"Non, moi je suis plutôt content du service.","No, I'm pretty happy with the service.",CAMEROON,EMEA
190,374795,Regularly - Every day,Sometimes - Once a month,7,"I like it to provide more automated, silent installation of updates (firmware, bios, drivers, etc.) with minimal to no disruption to the user.   Lenovo support is poor in many countries.","I like it to provide more automated, silent installation of updates (firmware, bios, drivers, etc.) with minimal to no disruption to the user.   Lenovo support is poor in many countries.",Agree,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,Disagree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,Yes,,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,no,no,No,No,,,,,Already shared in the previous section.,Already shared in the previous section.,SWITZERLAND,EMEA
191,374803,Regularly - Every day,Sometimes - Once a month,8,Many times I cannot find any updates - since I receive a message telling me that something is being updated...,Many times I cannot find any updates - since I receive a message telling me that something is being updated...,Strongly agree,Agree,Agree,Agree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,,,ROMANIA,EMEA
192,375082,Regularly - Every day,Sometimes - Once a month,6,Some services offered on Vantage is paid. Drivers updates are only available for a year.,Some services offered on Vantage is paid. Drivers updates are only available for a year.,Agree,Neither agree or disagree,Agree,Neither agree or disagree,>60 days,,,,,,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,Yes,,Agree,Agree,,,,,INDIA,APAC
193,375184,Regularly - Every day,Sometimes - Once a month,9,Je ne trouve pas ça normal qu'il faille prendre un abonnement pour mettre à jour les drivers,I don't find it normal that you have to take out a subscription to update the drivers,Strongly agree,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,Strongly agree,>60 days,,,,,,,,,,Yes,,Agree,Agree,,,No,No,,,,,,,FRANCE,EMEA
194,375314,Regularly - Every day,Only as needed - When computer prompts,6,使っているうちに段々重くなってきた Windows11にアップデート出来ない メモリー増設やSSD増設出来て 今使っているパソコンのスペック上げられたら良いです,It got heavier while using it I can't update to Windows 11 You can add more memory and SSD It would be nice if the specifications of the computer I'm using now could be raised.,Agree,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,Strongly disagree,>60 days,,,,,,,,,,No,No,,,,,No,No,,,,,無し,None,JAPAN,APAC
195,375767,Regularly - Every day,Sometimes - Once a month,9,"sehr komfortabel, sowohl betreffend Bedienung als auch betreffend Updates am Laptop","very comfortable, both in terms of operation and updates on the laptop",Strongly agree,Agree,Agree,Neither agree or disagree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,,,AUSTRIA,EMEA
196,375784,Regularly - Every day,Sometimes - Once a month,5,"i have requested assistance in the past and got some help.  i recently had to replace my screen.  due to an update that i was unable to cancel, i have lost touch screen capacity.  this is very frustrating and has significantly reduced the value and usability of my Lenovo unit.  if i could get help to reinstate the touch screen capacity it demonstrate the value of Lenovo vantage.  i have had this 2 by 1 unit for some 5 years and as noted above use it daily, multiple times.","i have requested assistance in the past and got some help.  i recently had to replace my screen.  due to an update that i was unable to cancel, i have lost touch screen capacity.  this is very frustrating and has significantly reduced the value and usability of my Lenovo unit.  if i could get help to reinstate the touch screen capacity it demonstrate the value of Lenovo vantage.  i have had this 2 by 1 unit for some 5 years and as noted above use it daily, multiple times.",Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,Agree,Neither agree or disagree,>60 days,,,,,,,,,,Yes,,Neither agree or disagree,Disagree,as a non technical person i don't find much of the information provided very useful.  i look at what has been done and am happy if it's telling things are OK.  but i don't find much that i can use to enhance performance.,as a non technical person i don't find much of the information provided very useful.  i look at what has been done and am happy if it's telling things are OK.  but i don't find much that i can use to enhance performance.,No,Yes,,,,,please note my earlier comments regarding the touch screen and respond with some assistance ASAP,please note my earlier comments regarding the touch screen and respond with some assistance ASAP,AUSTRALIA,APAC
197,375795,Regularly - Every day,Sometimes - Once a month,7,"Zum Teil das Gefühl, Systemupdates werden nicht konsequent erfasst/vorgeschlagen. Ansonsten hilfreiches Programm.",Partly the feeling that system updates are not consistently recorded/suggested. Otherwise useful program.,Agree,Neither agree or disagree,Agree,Strongly agree,Last 60 days,,,,,,,,,,Yes,,Agree,Agree,,,No,Yes,,,,,,,GERMANY,EMEA
198,375856,Regularly - Every day,Regularly - Every day,10,"Ease of use, driver updates","Ease of use, driver updates",Agree,Strongly agree,Agree,Agree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,,,ISRAEL,EMEA
199,375908,Regularly - Every day,Sometimes - Once a month,9,アップデートがやりやすかった,It was easy to update,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,No,No,,,,,No,No,,,,,,,JAPAN,APAC
200,376039,Regularly - Every day,Regularly - Every day,8,"easy to use, update for driver sometime late. it is more update search using windows update. but, i love to use battery setting or battery mode and my thinkpad performance.","easy to use, update for driver sometime late. it is more update search using windows update. but, i love to use battery setting or battery mode and my thinkpad performance.",Strongly agree,Agree,Neither agree or disagree,Agree,Last 7 days,8,sometime driver or firmware update on my thinkpad using lenovo vantage not ready but when i update from windows update it's ready.,sometime driver or firmware update on my thinkpad using lenovo vantage not ready but when i update from windows update it's ready.,"Download drivers, software or firmware updates",,,"Yes, objective complete","Graphic User Interface easy to use than before, warranty status, performance from each device, battery setting.","Graphic User Interface easy to use than before, warranty status, performance from each device, battery setting.",Yes,,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,keep more update and i think it must installed on every lenovo pc or notebook to make easy to know my thinkpad performance and what i must do to solved the problem .,keep more update and i think it must installed on every lenovo pc or notebook to make easy to know my thinkpad performance and what i must do to solved the problem .,Yes,,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,,,,,INDONESIA,APAC
201,376056,Regularly - Every day,Sometimes - Once a month,2,"ドライバーやソフトの更新がない。 Windows11にバージョンアップできない,","There is no driver or software update. I can't upgrade to Windows 11,",Disagree,Disagree,Agree,Neither agree or disagree,>60 days,,,,,,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,,,JAPAN,APAC
202,376110,Regularly - Every day,Frequently - Once a week,9,It's easy to update my pc software and check some security issues.,It's easy to update my pc software and check some security issues.,Agree,Agree,Neither agree or disagree,Agree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,Yes,,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,,,Yes,,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,,,,,BANGLADESH,APAC
203,376313,Sometimes - Once a month,Sometimes - Once a month,6,IT SEEMS VERY GOOD TO KNOW ABOUT MY PC. I DO CHECK SETTINGS AND UPDATES ON THIS PLATFORM. I WISH TO MODIFY OTHER SYSTEMS ON THIS INTERFACE.,IT SEEMS VERY GOOD TO KNOW ABOUT MY PC. I DO CHECK SETTINGS AND UPDATES ON THIS PLATFORM. I WISH TO MODIFY OTHER SYSTEMS ON THIS INTERFACE.,Agree,Agree,Neither agree or disagree,Agree,Last 60 days,,,,,,,,,,Yes,,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,,,No,Yes,,,,,,,ETHIOPIA,EMEA
204,376506,Regularly - Every day,Regularly - Every day,0,"Die Anschaffungskosten für ein Premiumlaptop von über 900 Euro sind sehr hoch. Dafür erwarte ich mehr Kundenbetreuung und -Orientierung und keine neue teure Produkte bzw. nur Lockangebote. Außerdem werden keine Updates/Aktualisierung der Software, Treiber usw. Die Datensicherung über Lenovo-Stick-Software ist fehlerhaft und konnte keine Datensicherung durchführen.","The acquisition costs for a premium laptop of over 900 euros are very high. In return, I expect more customer care and orientation and no new expensive products or just teasers. In addition, no updates/updating of the software, drivers, etc. The data backup via Lenovo stick software is faulty and could not perform a data backup.",Strongly disagree,Strongly disagree,Strongly disagree,Strongly disagree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,Yes,,Strongly agree,Strongly disagree,Es werden nur Lockangebote unterbreitet. Ich möchte keine Verträge mit Lenovo eingehen.,Only bait offers will be made. I don't want to enter into any contracts with Lenovo.,No,No,,,,,,,GERMANY,EMEA
205,376631,Regularly - Every day,Sometimes - Once a month,3,Das Update für Lenovo Think Pad Powermanagement kann seit Wochen nicht abgeschlossen werden. Und der Scan für neue Updates dauert sehr lange - mehr als eine Stunde.,The update for Lenovo ThinkPad power management has not been able to be completed for weeks. And the scan for new updates takes a very long time - more than an hour.,Strongly agree,Disagree,Strongly disagree,Neither agree or disagree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,No,No,,,,,,,GERMANY,EMEA
206,376796,Regularly - Every day,Rarely - Once every couple of month,0,BIOS updates suck. Almost every update results in either the backup BIOS or the actual BIOS failing. I had the same problem with my previous P70 laptop and current P73 laptop. This is unacceptable for a laptop in this price range.,BIOS updates suck. Almost every update results in either the backup BIOS or the actual BIOS failing. I had the same problem with my previous P70 laptop and current P73 laptop. This is unacceptable for a laptop in this price range.,Disagree,Disagree,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,Last 60 days,,,,,,,,,,No,No,,,,,No,No,,,,,Fix the bloody BIOSes,Fix the bloody BIOSes,FINLAND,EMEA
207,376853,Regularly - Every day,Only as needed - When computer prompts,6,"Vantage updates my laptop when required, apart from that , I don't consciously use it.","Vantage updates my laptop when required, apart from that , I don't consciously use it.",Agree,Agree,Agree,Agree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,No,No,,,,,No,No,,,,,,,UNITED KINGDOM,EMEA
208,376974,Regularly - Every day,Rarely - Once every couple of month,0,beaucoup trop lourd et ralenti tres fortement les performances de l'ordinateur cherche les même mises à jours que Windows ce qui est complement inutile,much too heavy and slowed down very strongly the performance of the computer seeks the same updates as Windows which is completely useless,Disagree,Strongly disagree,Strongly disagree,Strongly disagree,>60 days,,,,,,,,,,Yes,,Agree,Agree,ne doit pas se lancer en tache de fond car trop lourd,should not run in the background because it is too heavy,Yes,,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,,,,,FRANCE,EMEA
209,377157,Regularly - Every day,Only as needed - When computer prompts,5,"A chaque mise à jour, mon pc zoom et dézoome tout seul et ça me casse les pieds. Je suis donc obligée de reconfigurer la souris chaque semaine!","With each update, my pc zooms in and out on its own and it bothers me. So I have to reconfigure the mouse every week!",Neither agree or disagree,Disagree,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,No,No,,,,,No,No,,,,,Que les mises à jour cessent de faire dysfonctionner mon pc!,May the updates stop making my pc malfunction!,FRANCE,EMEA
210,377244,Regularly - Every day,Sometimes - Once a month,9,Komfortable Hilfe bei der Update-Suche.,Convenient help with the update search.,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,No,No,,,,,No,No,,,,,,,GERMANY,EMEA
211,377396,Regularly - Every day,Frequently - Once a week,9,vantage is very easy to use and does the security scans often but there is an update that shows up on the intel driver assistant but does not show up on vantage that is the graphics driver,vantage is very easy to use and does the security scans often but there is an update that shows up on the intel driver assistant but does not show up on vantage that is the graphics driver,Strongly agree,Agree,Agree,Neither agree or disagree,Last 7 days,10,it is easy to use and easy to get comfortable with for your daily needs for your pc,it is easy to use and easy to get comfortable with for your daily needs for your pc,Perform diagnostic scan,,,"Yes, objective complete",have the latest drivers up and ready for installation and notify the user about that,have the latest drivers up and ready for installation and notify the user about that,No,Yes,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,nothing else,nothing else,INDIA,APAC
212,377452,Regularly - Every day,Frequently - Once a week,8,its a useful program to update new drivers,its a useful program to update new drivers,Agree,Agree,Agree,Agree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,,,INDONESIA,APAC
213,377563,Regularly - Every day,Frequently - Once a week,7,更新対象がないのに、起動すると毎回ダウンロードが走り、時間がもったいない。　仕組み的に工夫の余地があるのでは？,"Even though there is no update target, every time I start it, the download runs, which is a waste of time. Is there room for ingenuity in terms of mechanism?",Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,Last 30 days,8,解決しなかった。,Did not solve.,Find troubleshooting solutions and how-to information,,,No relevant information found,,,No,Yes,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,,,JAPAN,APAC
214,377581,Regularly - Every day,Regularly - Every day,5,I have not been receiving updates and new features for my Y530.,I have not been receiving updates and new features for my Y530.,Agree,Neither agree or disagree,Agree,Neither agree or disagree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,Vantage needs to be the center of my PC needs. I would like to see options for under-volting and over-clocking. Real time system monitoring will also provide valuable information to the consumer.  Thank you.,Vantage needs to be the center of my PC needs. I would like to see options for under-volting and over-clocking. Real time system monitoring will also provide valuable information to the consumer.  Thank you.,SOUTH AFRICA,EMEA
215,377735,Regularly - Every day,Frequently - Once a week,9,Οι ενημερωσεις ειναι αρκετα επικαιρες.,The updates are quite up to date.,Agree,Agree,Neither agree or disagree,Agree,>60 days,,,,,,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,Yes,,Strongly agree,Agree,,,,,GREECE,EMEA
216,377764,Regularly - Every day,Rarely - Once every couple of month,8,In the begining it was not clear. Had minor difficulties with drivers and mic uses (in 2020). Now I make sure to check Vantage every now and then for updates and system check up.,In the begining it was not clear. Had minor difficulties with drivers and mic uses (in 2020). Now I make sure to check Vantage every now and then for updates and system check up.,Strongly agree,Agree,Agree,Agree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,"Not sure if this is active or not but casual reminders or warnings on avaliable updates, performance vs usage practices (is the user's actions damages the device or not)","Not sure if this is active or not but casual reminders or warnings on avaliable updates, performance vs usage practices (is the user's actions damages the device or not)",SAUDI ARABIA,EMEA
217,377848,Regularly - Every day,Frequently - Once a week,9,"The application is very good and informative. I like the device details and system updates section. I would like to know if the device service booking option is available in the application, if not please take it as a suggestion and please add it.","The application is very good and informative. I like the device details and system updates section. I would like to know if the device service booking option is available in the application, if not please take it as a suggestion and please add it.",Strongly agree,Strongly agree,Agree,Agree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,Yes,,Agree,Agree,,,No,Yes,,,,,,,INDIA,APAC
218,377946,Regularly - Every day,Only as needed - When computer prompts,10,"Ich finde es super, dass so viele Update gemacht werden. Fühle mich gut versorgt",I think it's great that so many updates are being made. I feel well taken care of,Strongly disagree,Strongly disagree,Strongly disagree,Strongly disagree,>60 days,,,,,,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,Nein,no,GERMANY,EMEA
219,378375,Regularly - Every day,Sometimes - Once a month,8,"I don't like that i have to pay to get smart performance.  Btw it updates my pc automatically, so I don't have to check it.","I don't like that i have to pay to get smart performance.  Btw it updates my pc automatically, so I don't have to check it.",Agree,Neither agree or disagree,Agree,Agree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,Yes,,Disagree,Disagree,It doesn't get me any information unless I pay for it.,It doesn't get me any information unless I pay for it.,No,Yes,,,,,,,THAILAND,APAC
220,379093,Regularly - Every day,Sometimes - Once a month,8,I use it for updates.,I use it for updates.,Agree,Agree,Agree,Neither agree or disagree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,,,SERBIA,EMEA
221,379123,Regularly - Every day,Regularly - Every day,3,"System update for months shows Intel chipset update available even though the app has already installed it...many people have this problem. Out of date warranty warnings are numerous and not necessary. App is has too much bling and unfortunately, tends to just be a sales/revenue tool.","System update for months shows Intel chipset update available even though the app has already installed it...many people have this problem. Out of date warranty warnings are numerous and not necessary. App is has too much bling and unfortunately, tends to just be a sales/revenue tool.",Neither agree or disagree,Disagree,Neither agree or disagree,Strongly disagree,Last 60 days,,,,,,,,,,Yes,,Disagree,Strongly disagree,,,No,No,,,,,,,AUSTRALIA,APAC
222,379285,Regularly - Every day,Sometimes - Once a month,6,"Unele mesaje pentru optiunile disponibile nu sunt intuitive, de exemplu functia ""Network boost"", atunci cand inceri sa o activezi afiseaza un mesaj care te indruma spre a face update driverului de retea, desi acesta e la ultima versiune. Rezolvarea e sa instalezi driverul pentru ""gaming"", dar eroarea nu spune asta si trebuie sa sapi internetul sa afli o informatie simpla.","Some messages for the available options are not intuitive, for example the ""Network boost"" function, when you try to activate it, displays a message guiding you to update the network driver, even though it is the latest version. The solution is to install the driver for ""gaming"", but the error does not say that and you have to dig the internet to find simple information.",Neither agree or disagree,Disagree,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,Yes,,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,,,No,No,,,,,,,ROMANIA,EMEA
223,379307,Regularly - Every day,Frequently - Once a week,9,"Easiest way to get important and helpful updates, sometime important updates were available, but Vantage did not offer them initially, only after weeks.  The scanning process is somewhat slow.","Easiest way to get important and helpful updates, sometime important updates were available, but Vantage did not offer them initially, only after weeks.  The scanning process is somewhat slow.",Agree,Agree,Agree,Agree,Last 7 days,9,"It works for the tasks it provides, no crashes, no failures.","It works for the tasks it provides, no crashes, no failures.","Download drivers, software or firmware updates",,,"Yes, objective complete",Scanning for updates is not working sometimes... Update catalogue is being updated...  Scanning process is slow.,Scanning for updates is not working sometimes... Update catalogue is being updated...  Scanning process is slow.,Yes,,Agree,Agree,,,No,No,,,,,,,GERMANY,EMEA
224,379413,Regularly - Every day,Rarely - Once every couple of month,0,"when i shut down my pc always restarts or updates window ,i am facing this problem. thank you","when i shut down my pc always restarts or updates window ,i am facing this problem. thank you",Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,"sorry , could not understood","sorry , could not understood",INDIA,APAC
225,379430,Regularly - Every day,Regularly - Every day,8,"I love to use it as sometimes there is notification to update and easy to use. I just find some issues like loading, and microsoft word issue. And the color of my leptop is starting to fade though i just have used it one year","I love to use it as sometimes there is notification to update and easy to use. I just find some issues like loading, and microsoft word issue. And the color of my leptop is starting to fade though i just have used it one year",Strongly agree,Agree,Agree,Strongly agree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,Yes,,Agree,Agree,,,Yes,,Agree,Agree,,,,,INDONESIA,APAC
226,379467,Regularly - Every day,Frequently - Once a week,8,"Coz Lenovo Vantage makes easier to configure my personal computer. Maybe Developer can review updates that entered my computer. My Thinkpad T440p always gets an updated bluetooth driver, which even though it's been updated still keeps showing up on lenovo vantage.","Coz Lenovo Vantage makes easier to configure my personal computer. Maybe Developer can review updates that entered my computer. My Thinkpad T440p always gets an updated bluetooth driver, which even though it's been updated still keeps showing up on lenovo vantage.",Agree,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,No,No,,,,,Yes,,Agree,Agree,,,,,INDONESIA,APAC
227,379548,Regularly - Every day,Frequently - Once a week,8,"Bonjour, j'ai une mise à jour permanente du driver de carte vidéo (touts les semaines) avec le même driver. J'ai fini par trouver comment faire pour qu'il ne s'installe pas automatiquement.","Hello, I have a permanent video card driver update (every week) with the same driver. I ended up figuring out how to make it not install automatically.",Agree,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,Agree,>60 days,,,,,,,,,,Yes,,Agree,Agree,Je n'arrive pas à souscrire à LENOVO VANTAGE SMART PERFORMANCE. Pourquoi ?,I cannot subscribe to LENOVO VANTAGE SMART PERFORMANCE. Why ?,No,Yes,,,,,,,FRANCE,EMEA
228,379567,Regularly - Every day,Only as needed - When computer prompts,2,"Laggy, except update is pretty much useless and have no dark mode.","Laggy, except update is pretty much useless and have no dark mode.",Disagree,Strongly disagree,Strongly disagree,Strongly agree,>60 days,,,,,,,,,,Yes,,Strongly agree,Neither agree or disagree,,,No,No,,,,,,,MALAYSIA,APAC
229,379751,Regularly - Every day,Sometimes - Once a month,8,im wesentlichen interessieren mich update,I'm essentially interested in update,Agree,Agree,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,Last 30 days,7,bisher nur einmal benötigt,only needed once so far,"Download drivers, software or firmware updates",,,"Yes, objective complete",noch bessere integration in windows update,even better integration in windows update,No,No,,,,,No,No,,,,,,,GERMANY,EMEA
230,379841,Regularly - Every day,Sometimes - Once a month,8,定期的な、システム更新のアナウンスをしてくれるので,It will announce system updates on a regular basis.,Neither agree or disagree,Agree,Neither agree or disagree,Agree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,Yes,,Agree,Agree,,,No,No,,,,,,,JAPAN,APAC
231,379912,Regularly - Every day,Only as needed - When computer prompts,7,J'arrive a faire mes updates facilement,I manage to make my updates easily,Agree,Agree,Agree,Agree,Last 30 days,8,Systeme update nickel,Systems update nickel,"Download drivers, software or firmware updates",,,"Yes, objective complete",Plus interactifs,More interactive,No,Yes,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,,,MALI,EMEA
232,380114,Regularly - Every day,Frequently - Once a week,6,"My own concern, probably. I'm a little confused as what is and should be with the service. I did have problems with loading updates and so just cancelled out certain aspects. Have never really followed up as tech talk can be awfully confusing to me, who has basic skills, and because my pc does all i need to do. that suits me fine.","My own concern, probably. I'm a little confused as what is and should be with the service. I did have problems with loading updates and so just cancelled out certain aspects. Have never really followed up as tech talk can be awfully confusing to me, who has basic skills, and because my pc does all i need to do. that suits me fine.",Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,No,No,,,,,No,No,,,,,,,AUSTRALIA,APAC
233,380200,Regularly - Every day,Sometimes - Once a month,5,更新プログラムを適用する際、使用しているデバイスのタイプごとにアップデートできるソフトが表示されるが、本当に必要なアップデートなのかわからない部分がある。仕方のないことですが、大半が英文で日本語に翻訳すると意味不明な説明が稀にあるので理解に苦しむ部分があります。,"When applying the update, the software that can be updated is displayed for each type of device you are using, but there is a part that you do not know if it is the update you really need. It can't be helped, but if you translate most of them into Japanese in English, there are rare explanations that don't make sense, so there are some parts that are difficult to understand.",Agree,Agree,Neither agree or disagree,Agree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,No,No,,,,,Yes,,Agree,Agree,,,,,JAPAN,APAC
234,380281,Regularly - Every day,Sometimes - Once a month,5,It is quite slow to load and doesn't always have all updates (which is why i have to also keep the 'system update' app installed).,It is quite slow to load and doesn't always have all updates (which is why i have to also keep the 'system update' app installed).,Agree,Strongly disagree,Neither agree or disagree,Strongly disagree,>60 days,,,,,,,,,,No,No,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,,,ISRAEL,EMEA
235,380776,Regularly - Every day,Rarely - Once every couple of month,6,自動更新でBIOSのアップデートがある場合、Windowsが固まります。何が起きたかすらわからず、マシンが故障したかと思いました。現在自動更新をOFFにしているのはその為です。BIOSのアップデートだけその他の更新とは別にできないものでしょうか？,"If there is a BIOS update with automatic update, Windows will freeze. I didn't even know what happened and wondered if the machine broke down. That is why we are currently turning off automatic updates. Is it possible to update the BIOS separately from other updates?",Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,No,No,,,,,No,No,,,,,,,JAPAN,APAC
236,380829,Frequently - Once a week,Regularly - Every day,4,I liked the old tool 5system update) but enjoy the Vantageintegration and automation,I liked the old tool 5system update) but enjoy the Vantageintegration and automation,Strongly agree,Agree,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,>60 days,,,,,,,,,,No,No,,,,,No,No,,,,,,,ESTONIA,EMEA
237,380833,Regularly - Every day,Sometimes - Once a month,9,biosやファームを自動的に検出してアップデートしてくれて、とても助かります。,It is very helpful to automatically detect and update the bios and farm.,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,Last 30 days,10,BIOSやファームを自動で見つけてくれてとても助かります。,It is very helpful to find the BIOS and firmware automatically.,"Download drivers, software or firmware updates",,,"Yes, objective complete",チャットでサポセンにつながるといいな,I hope you can connect to Saposen by chat,No,Yes,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,,,JAPAN,APAC
238,381313,Regularly - Every day,Sometimes - Once a month,7,"mette a disposizione funzionalità come la gestione della batteria, la scansione hardware, il controllo degli a aggiornamenti o lo stato della garanzia che sono utili","provides features such as battery management, hardware scan, check for updates or warranty status that are useful",Agree,Agree,Agree,Neither agree or disagree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,Yes,,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,,,No,Yes,,,,,,,ITALY,EMEA
239,381449,Regularly - Every day,Rarely - Once every couple of month,10,Really satisfied because updates are regular and ask for my convenience. Very user-friendly.,Really satisfied because updates are regular and ask for my convenience. Very user-friendly.,Agree,Agree,Agree,Agree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,,,INDIA,APAC
240,381643,Regularly - Every day,Frequently - Once a week,7,"I have not adjust many of stuff, and it makes me feel great about managing the software updates and antivirus program.","I have not adjust many of stuff, and it makes me feel great about managing the software updates and antivirus program.",Agree,Agree,Agree,Agree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,,,THAILAND,APAC
241,381761,Regularly - Every day,Frequently - Once a week,5,Am meisten benutzt zum Updaten meines Systems. Ebenfalls zur Kontrolle meines Akkus und der Kamera.,Widely used to update my system. Also to check my battery and camera.,Agree,Disagree,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,Yes,,Disagree,Neither agree or disagree,,,Yes,,Strongly agree,Agree,,,,,GERMANY,EMEA
242,381898,Regularly - Every day,Frequently - Once a week,2,Trotz aller Updates startet das Laptop fast willkürlich jeden Tag einmal neu. Habe Dockingstation gekauft keine Besserung. Das Laptop ist instabil. Zumal es keine Anzeichen gibt.,"Despite all updates, the laptop restarts almost randomly once a day. I bought a docking station, no improvement. The laptop is unstable. Especially since there are no signs.",Agree,Strongly disagree,Neither agree or disagree,Strongly disagree,Last 7 days,2,Wie gesagt es ist und bleibt ein instabiles Laptop. Schade war immer Lenovo Fan.,"As I said, it is and remains an unstable laptop. Too bad was always a Lenovo fan.","Download drivers, software or firmware updates",,,"No, Issue still in progress",Erkennungsmodus für Zuverlässigkeit ist mangelhaft,Reliability detection mode is poor,Yes,,Agree,Agree,,,No,No,,,,,,,GERMANY,EMEA
243,381931,Regularly - Every day,Regularly - Every day,0,"It's frustrating to see that I can't update my drivers with the free version, but third party programs upgrade my drivers for free, which makes me so upset.","It's frustrating to see that I can't update my drivers with the free version, but third party programs upgrade my drivers for free, which makes me so upset.",Strongly agree,Strongly disagree,Disagree,Strongly disagree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,"Since we are your customers, it is your duty to help and support us for free at least for driver updates. It's frustrating to see that I can't update my drivers with the free version, but third party programs upgrade my drivers for free, which makes me so upset.","Since we are your customers, it is your duty to help and support us for free at least for driver updates. It's frustrating to see that I can't update my drivers with the free version, but third party programs upgrade my drivers for free, which makes me so upset.",INDIA,APAC
244,382133,Regularly - Every day,Regularly - Every day,8,win10 家庭版系统能不能组织更新,Can Windows 10 Home Edition system organize updates?,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,Last 7 days,Extremely satisfied,能及时帮助解决问题,Can help solve problems in a timely manner,"Download drivers, software or firmware updates",,,"Yes, objective complete",暂时没有,Not yet,No,No,,,,,No,No,,,,,,,ABU DHABI,EMEA
245,382162,Frequently - Once a week,Frequently - Once a week,8,I sometimes receive notification of software updates but hten find I am unable to download the software,I sometimes receive notification of software updates but hten find I am unable to download the software,Agree,Agree,Agree,Disagree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,Yes,,Agree,Agree,,,Yes,,Disagree,Disagree,I use Norton which highlights the vulnerabilities on my laptop for free. Lenovo makes recommendation with a view to encourage me to spend more money.,I use Norton which highlights the vulnerabilities on my laptop for free. Lenovo makes recommendation with a view to encourage me to spend more money.,,,UNITED KINGDOM,EMEA
246,382359,Regularly - Every day,Frequently - Once a week,8,the quality of support and after sell service is very good and keep my lab updated with less issues,the quality of support and after sell service is very good and keep my lab updated with less issues,Agree,Agree,Agree,Agree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,No,No,UNITED ARAB EMIRATES,EMEA
247,382394,Regularly - Every day,Sometimes - Once a month,4,"System popups are annoying and seem to have become more frequent. Mixture of for-free and pay-for options is confusing, especially as I believe some of the pay-for options should be considered ""essential"" and for-free.  Firmware/Driver updates with Vantage are great and are/have been the main reason to use it for me.","System popups are annoying and seem to have become more frequent. Mixture of for-free and pay-for options is confusing, especially as I believe some of the pay-for options should be considered ""essential"" and for-free.  Firmware/Driver updates with Vantage are great and are/have been the main reason to use it for me.",Agree,Disagree,Disagree,Neither agree or disagree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,No,No,,,,,Yes,,Disagree,Disagree,,,,,GERMANY,EMEA
248,382406,Regularly - Every day,Sometimes - Once a month,10,Les mises à jour du BIOS.,BIOS updates.,Strongly agree,Agree,Neither agree or disagree,Disagree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,,,FRANCE,EMEA
249,382586,Regularly - Every day,Sometimes - Once a month,10,Lo utilizzo solo per la verifica della garanzia e per gli aggiornamenti del sistema,I only use it for warranty verification and system updates,Agree,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,No,No,,,,,No,No,,,,,,,ITALY,EMEA
250,382653,Regularly - Every day,Frequently - Once a week,7,"Lenovo Vantage est très pratique pour mettre à jour les drivers de mon ordinateur. Cependant, je trouve qu'après la dernière mise à jour, l'accès direct aux fonctionnalités a été compliquée : la suppression du menu LenovoVantage dans la toolbar rend plus compliquée l'accès à la gestion des fonctionnalités.","Lenovo Vantage is very convenient for updating my computer's drivers. However, I find that after the last update, direct access to features has been complicated: the removal of the LenovoVantage menu in the toolbar makes access to feature management more complicated.",Agree,Strongly agree,Agree,Agree,Last 30 days,10,/,/,"Download drivers, software or firmware updates",,,"Yes, objective complete",Réintégrez Vantage dans la toolbar.,Reintegrate Vantage in the toolbar.,No,Yes,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,Non,Do not,LUXEMBOURG,EMEA
251,382807,Regularly - Every day,Regularly - Every day,3,Windows 10 app is very unreliable. Features disappear or are removed without explanation from the Microsoft Store version of the app. No proper changelog or release notes so impossible to know what has changed when an app update is available.  user-hostile experience.,Windows 10 app is very unreliable. Features disappear or are removed without explanation from the Microsoft Store version of the app. No proper changelog or release notes so impossible to know what has changed when an app update is available.  user-hostile experience.,Agree,Disagree,Agree,Neither agree or disagree,>60 days,,,,,,,,,,Yes,,Strongly disagree,Strongly disagree,Unnecessary for power users,Unnecessary for power users,Yes,,Strongly disagree,Strongly disagree,Redundant. I use VPN and my own security software,Redundant. I use VPN and my own security software,"Until you make the Lenovo Vantage app user-centric using a human-centred design model, I do not recommend my users to install it. If they have installed it, I remove it for them","Until you make the Lenovo Vantage app user-centric using a human-centred design model, I do not recommend my users to install it. If they have installed it, I remove it for them",AUSTRALIA,APAC
252,382861,Regularly - Every day,Rarely - Once every couple of month,4,la uso poco non mi fa aggiornare niente molti a pagamento,"I use it a little, it doesn't make me update anything for a fee",Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,>60 days,,,,,,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,no,no,ITALY,EMEA
253,382871,Regularly - Every day,Sometimes - Once a month,6,Useful only for battery admin and updates.,Useful only for battery admin and updates.,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,Agree,Disagree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,,,POLAND,EMEA
254,383039,Sometimes - Once a month,Only as needed - When computer prompts,7,"Worked ok at the start now finds problems and tells me I have to pay to sort them, also I don't believe the system has had no updates for a couple of years, surely Lenovo have not stopped supporting their products that quickly?","Worked ok at the start now finds problems and tells me I have to pay to sort them, also I don't believe the system has had no updates for a couple of years, surely Lenovo have not stopped supporting their products that quickly?",Agree,Neither agree or disagree,Agree,Neither agree or disagree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,,,FRANCE,EMEA
255,383082,Regularly - Every day,Frequently - Once a week,9,Die Updatestabilität ist nicht immer gegeben.,Update stability is not always given.,Agree,Agree,Agree,Neither agree or disagree,Last 30 days,9,"Die Updatesuche ist nach einem Neustart nicht möglich. LV gibt auch nach Minuten noch an, dass keine Verbindung besteht.","The update search is not possible after a restart. Even after minutes, LV still states that there is no connection.","Download drivers, software or firmware updates",,,"Yes, objective complete",Die Updatethematik stabilisieren um somit einen effizienteren Nutzen ziehen zu können,Stabilize the update topic in order to be able to use it more efficiently,Yes,,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,Nein.,No.,Yes,,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,Nein.,No.,,,GERMANY,EMEA
256,383140,Regularly - Every day,Frequently - Once a week,4,"Good that Vantage identifies needed updates, however, not good that it tries to reapply updates several times as it does not read the current config properly.","Good that Vantage identifies needed updates, however, not good that it tries to reapply updates several times as it does not read the current config properly.",Agree,Neither agree or disagree,Disagree,Disagree,Last 30 days,4,"As before, updates do not always get registered properly and the update is then requested to be applied again.","As before, updates do not always get registered properly and the update is then requested to be applied again.","Download drivers, software or firmware updates",,,"No, Issue still in progress",make sure that updates are applied properly and check config before exit for existance that update has been applied fully,make sure that updates are applied properly and check config before exit for existance that update has been applied fully,Yes,,Strongly disagree,Strongly disagree,,,No,No,,,,,,,UNITED KINGDOM,EMEA
257,383261,Regularly - Every day,Regularly - Every day,7,I check every day the updates available,I check every day the updates available,Agree,Neither agree or disagree,Agree,Disagree,>60 days,,,,,,,,,,Yes,,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,,,Yes,,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,,,,,SWITZERLAND,EMEA
258,383280,Regularly - Every day,Regularly - Every day,8,最新アップデートがあり、バッテリーの充電設定できるから,Because there is the latest update and you can set the battery charge,Agree,Agree,Agree,Neither agree or disagree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,No,No,,,,,No,No,,,,,,,JAPAN,APAC
259,383349,Regularly - Every day,Sometimes - Once a month,10,Battery charging thresholds - extending laptop battery's lifespan System updates - all in one place at a single button click,Battery charging thresholds - extending laptop battery's lifespan System updates - all in one place at a single button click,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,Neither agree or disagree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,Add a feedback hub regarding user's laptop/PC. I'd add a feedback if I could (about the disadvantage of having RAM memory soldered to motherboard).,Add a feedback hub regarding user's laptop/PC. I'd add a feedback if I could (about the disadvantage of having RAM memory soldered to motherboard).,ESTONIA,EMEA
260,383376,Regularly - Every day,Frequently - Once a week,7,"ottimo per gli aggiornamenti, meno per le ottimizzazioni,visto che il servizio è a pagamento ,mentre ci sono programmi (APP se preferite) che si possono utilizzare allo stesso scopo in maniera gratuita,certo,un programma del genere gratuito per gli utenti Lenovo(considerando ch hanno comprato e quindi pagato la macchina) porterebbe una valutazione da soddisfatto meno meno a estremamente soddisfatto.","excellent for updates, less for optimizations, since the service is paid, while there are programs (APP if you prefer) that can be used for the same purpose for free, of course, such a program free for Lenovo users ( considering that they bought and then paid for the machine) would lead to an evaluation from less than satisfied to extremely satisfied.",Agree,Neither agree or disagree,Agree,Strongly agree,Last 60 days,,,,,,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,"direi di aver esaurito gli argomenti,sia a vantaggio che (sopratutto) a svantaggio","I would say that I have exhausted the arguments, both for the benefit and (especially) for the disadvantage",ITALY,EMEA
261,383436,Regularly - Every day,Regularly - Every day,8,"lenovo vantage is quite useful app however windows 10 version was more user-friendly in terms of accessibility to its features. another problem is that after 2 years of purchase (also time passed from the production is 2.5 years for my computer), there are no longer driver or bios updates despite intel provides the updates for gpu and chipset on its website for its products used in this lenovo computer. !!!Do not cut your sofware support so quickly if you want loyal customers!!!","lenovo vantage is quite useful app however windows 10 version was more user-friendly in terms of accessibility to its features. another problem is that after 2 years of purchase (also time passed from the production is 2.5 years for my computer), there are no longer driver or bios updates despite intel provides the updates for gpu and chipset on its website for its products used in this lenovo computer. !!!Do not cut your sofware support so quickly if you want loyal customers!!!",Agree,Agree,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,Yes,,Agree,Agree,"a temperature and performance monitor for hardware components could come in handy. within my experience, your entry and mid-level notebooks sometimes suffer thermal throttling (e.g. Lenovo S340-14IWL with i5-8265u). you should keep an eye on the performance of your cooling solutions more carefully.","a temperature and performance monitor for hardware components could come in handy. within my experience, your entry and mid-level notebooks sometimes suffer thermal throttling (e.g. Lenovo S340-14IWL with i5-8265u). you should keep an eye on the performance of your cooling solutions more carefully.",Yes,,Agree,Agree,,,"sometimes, after a windows or software update, the auto-start of vantage at system startup is somehow being disabled, so I have to go to its settings to reactivate the option. your software developers might want to know that. (Please enrich your notebook models variety with 6th gen. Ryzen 7 u-series, with at least 16 gb dual channel ddr5 ram. A completely aluminum chassis would be fancy.)","sometimes, after a windows or software update, the auto-start of vantage at system startup is somehow being disabled, so I have to go to its settings to reactivate the option. your software developers might want to know that. (Please enrich your notebook models variety with 6th gen. Ryzen 7 u-series, with at least 16 gb dual channel ddr5 ram. A completely aluminum chassis would be fancy.)",TURKEY,EMEA
262,383506,Regularly - Every day,Frequently - Once a week,10,It's excellent . Just be updated,It's excellent . Just be updated,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,Agree,Agree,Last 7 days,Extremely satisfied,Great . It is great if it can show the amount of heat in different parts of the system.,Great . It is great if it can show the amount of heat in different parts of the system.,"Download drivers, software or firmware updates",,,"Yes, objective complete",Add more permissions like gadgets on the desktop,Add more permissions like gadgets on the desktop,No,Yes,,,,,No,No,,,,,"Thanks for the great support, but you can do better. Good luck","Thanks for the great support, but you can do better. Good luck",IRAN,EMEA
263,383569,Regularly - Every day,Only as needed - When computer prompts,7,Im satisified that it prompts updates,Im satisified that it prompts updates,Agree,Agree,Agree,Agree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,No.,No.,IRELAND,EMEA
264,383668,Regularly - Every day,Frequently - Once a week,7,"I'm mainly using my pc for content creation. Interface is good. It helps to be aware of new drivers. It would be better as well as for gaming, if systems settings could be optimized for content creation too. I cannot see the purpose of Nahamic setup. Recommended update for the Realtek Lan driver for win 11 is giving some false information. It seems the update is not getting installed. It dose not show the version as updated. This issue is discussed on forums.","I'm mainly using my pc for content creation. Interface is good. It helps to be aware of new drivers. It would be better as well as for gaming, if systems settings could be optimized for content creation too. I cannot see the purpose of Nahamic setup. Recommended update for the Realtek Lan driver for win 11 is giving some false information. It seems the update is not getting installed. It dose not show the version as updated. This issue is discussed on forums.",Strongly agree,Agree,Disagree,Neither agree or disagree,Last 7 days,3,Incorrect display of warranty period display. Means on the purchased (from Lenovo distributer) date itself shows as already 12 months passed warranty.,Incorrect display of warranty period display. Means on the purchased (from Lenovo distributer) date itself shows as already 12 months passed warranty.,Check warranty or purchase a service upgrade,,,"No, Issue still in progress",Need optimizing for content creation. Please include a switching method to do so. This Laptop is a pro version and it should support for our kind of work.,Need optimizing for content creation. Please include a switching method to do so. This Laptop is a pro version and it should support for our kind of work.,No,Yes,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,No smart performance in support drop down,No smart performance in support drop down,SRI LANKA,APAC
265,383777,Regularly - Every day,Sometimes - Once a month,9,"Иногда возникали ошибки во время установки обновлений или программа подвисала, но в целом все работало хорошо.","Sometimes there were errors during the installation of updates or the program hung, but in general everything worked well.",Agree,Strongly agree,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,,,LITHUANIA,EMEA
266,384171,Regularly - Every day,Sometimes - Once a month,8,Updates sans intervention / téléchargementde la part de l'utilisateur.,Updates without user intervention/downloading.,Agree,Agree,Strongly agree,Agree,>60 days,,,,,,,,,,No,No,,,,,No,No,,,,,,,SWITZERLAND,EMEA
267,384550,Regularly - Every day,Sometimes - Once a month,6,"Das Programm startet etwas schleppend, ist aber gut um das Updates für sein Gerät zu erhalten und um Akkueinstellungen zu ändern. Auch sind die Informationen sehr gut, die man hier über sein Gerät erhält.","The program starts a little slowly, but is good for getting updates for your device and changing battery settings. The information that you get here about your device is also very good.",Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,Last 30 days,5,"Ersatzteile wie Akkus oder Gehäuseteile für ältere Modelle (x230, t4209 kann man NICHT mehr über Vanatage erhalten. Auch gibt es hier keine Möglichekeit auf Windows 11 zuwechseln.","Spare parts such as batteries or housing parts for older models (x230, t4209 can no longer be obtained from Vanatage. There is also no option to switch to Windows 11 here.","Download drivers, software or firmware updates",,,"Yes, objective complete",Ersatzteile für ältere Modelle zur Verfügung stellen,Provide replacement parts for older models,No,No,,,,,No,No,,,,,,,GERMANY,EMEA
268,384611,Regularly - Every day,Frequently - Once a week,6,Sometimes Vantage cannot support the software issues and my Laptop restarts several times without applying the new windows updates and consequently leading to failure.,Sometimes Vantage cannot support the software issues and my Laptop restarts several times without applying the new windows updates and consequently leading to failure.,Strongly agree,Agree,Neither agree or disagree,Agree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,The software is good but it must always give suggestions to the user regarding the various software upgrades and also what changes should be done to make the performance of the Laptop faster.,The software is good but it must always give suggestions to the user regarding the various software upgrades and also what changes should be done to make the performance of the Laptop faster.,INDIA,APAC
269,384619,Regularly - Every day,Regularly - Every day,5,"Aplikacja powinna w tle pobierać aktualizacje i informować, że są gotowe do zainstalowania. Dopiero na tym etapie powinna być ingerencja użytkownika.",The app should download updates in the background and let you know that it's ready to be installed. Only at this stage there should be user intervention.,Agree,Neither agree or disagree,Agree,Neither agree or disagree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,No,No,,,,,No,No,,,,,,,POLAND,EMEA
270,384626,Regularly - Every day,Frequently - Once a week,8,"Well wish it was more easier to use, seems bulky, wish it could be integrated with the microsoft updates, some how, do two in one.","Well wish it was more easier to use, seems bulky, wish it could be integrated with the microsoft updates, some how, do two in one.",Disagree,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,Disagree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,Yes,,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,,,No,Yes,,,,,How to get better services from Lenova service centres for people who travel alot.,How to get better services from Lenova service centres for people who travel alot.,UNITED KINGDOM,EMEA
271,384810,Regularly - Every day,Sometimes - Once a month,5,"Visto il numero di servizi presenti e di tools, sarebbe stato utile configurarlo per gestire attivamente parte dei componenti e far riconoscere quelli necessari ma non aggiornati.","Given the number of services and tools available, it would have been useful to configure it to actively manage part of the components and to recognize those that are necessary but not updated.",Agree,Agree,Neither agree or disagree,Disagree,Last 30 days,6,"Il Servizio parte con ottimi prespposti, ma temo si perda un poco nel trovare la soluzione, facendo più affidamento al feedback stesso degli utenti.","The Service starts with excellent conditions, but I fear it will lose a little in finding the solution, relying more on user feedback.","Download drivers, software or firmware updates",,,"Yes, objective complete",,,No,Yes,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,,,ITALY,EMEA
272,385083,Regularly - Every day,Rarely - Once every couple of month,5,更新そのものがさほどないため,Because there are not many updates,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,>60 days,,,,,,,,,,No,No,,,,,No,No,,,,,,,JAPAN,APAC
273,385119,Regularly - Every day,Rarely - Once every couple of month,0,"Se reinicia el ordenador después de una actualización, perdiendo lo que estaba haciendo.","The computer restarts after an update, losing what it was doing.",Strongly disagree,Strongly disagree,Strongly disagree,Strongly disagree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,No,No,,,,,No,No,,,,,,,SPAIN,EMEA
274,385163,Regularly - Every day,Sometimes - Once a month,0,"Find it annoying, prompts unhelpfully about needing attention but then no options available (e.g. no extended warranties). Windows update seems to do everything before Vantage gets round to it.","Find it annoying, prompts unhelpfully about needing attention but then no options available (e.g. no extended warranties). Windows update seems to do everything before Vantage gets round to it.",Disagree,Strongly disagree,Agree,Neither agree or disagree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,,,UNITED KINGDOM,EMEA
275,385190,Frequently - Once a week,Only as needed - When computer prompts,6,"Grundsätzlich tolle Integration und umfassende Wartung, allerdings nur mit wenn man sich für einen bezahlten Plan entscheidet, dies kollidiert mit meiner schon erworbenen Avira Prime Lösung, leider lässt sich Vantage auch nicht dauerhaft stummschalten, so dass ich es wohl deinstallieren werde, weil die Features in der kostenlosen Version meine Erwartungen nicht erfüllen, da ohne bezahlten Plan keine Updates oder sinnvollen Aufräumarbeiten durchgeführt werden. Unübersichtliche Startseite.","Basically great integration and comprehensive maintenance, but only if you opt for a paid plan, this collides with my already purchased Avira Prime solution, unfortunately Vantage cannot be muted permanently either, so I will probably uninstall it because the features in The free version doesn't meet my expectations as it doesn't do any updates or meaningful cleanups without a paid plan. Confusing start page.",Disagree,Neither agree or disagree,Agree,Agree,Last 60 days,,,,,,,,,,Yes,,Agree,Neither agree or disagree,,,No,No,,,,,,,GERMANY,EMEA
276,385631,Regularly - Every day,Regularly - Every day,6,driver updates are very rare and need UI customization for Windows 11,driver updates are very rare and need UI customization for Windows 11,Agree,Agree,Agree,Agree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,Yes,,Agree,Agree,,,Yes,,Agree,Agree,,,,,INDONESIA,APAC
277,385712,Regularly - Every day,Regularly - Every day,7,"Der Grundgedanke der Lenovo Vantage App ist gut, jedoch fehlt die von vielen geforderte Lüftersteuerung, es wird ja gemunkelt es soll dieses Jahr ein Update geben, scheinbar erstmal für die neuen 2022 Modelle. Es wäre sehr gut wenn auch die 2021 Modelle dieses Update erhalten.","The basic idea of the Lenovo Vantage app is good, but the fan control demanded by many is missing, it is rumored that there will be an update this year, apparently for the new 2022 models. It would be very good if the 2021 models also received this update.",Agree,Disagree,Strongly agree,Neither agree or disagree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,Yes,,Agree,Neither agree or disagree,,,No,No,,,,,,,GERMANY,EMEA
278,385821,Regularly - Every day,Sometimes - Once a month,0,non funziona e non aggiorna i driver,it does not work and does not update the drivers,Agree,Strongly disagree,Disagree,Strongly disagree,Last 30 days,0,non risponde,does not answer,"Download drivers, software or firmware updates",,,"No, Issue still in progress",aggiornare seriamente i driver su lenovo ideapad 720 non funziona + il touchpad da 2 anni dopo aggiornamenti windows 10 e non c'è un driver che corregge il problema,seriously update drivers on lenovo ideapad 720 is not working + the touchpad for 2 years after windows 10 updates and there is no driver that fixes the problem,No,Yes,,,,,No,No,,,,,,,ITALY,EMEA
279,385822,Regularly - Every day,Regularly - Every day,7,I think it should have more regular bios updates.,I think it should have more regular bios updates.,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,I think regular updates will do.,I think regular updates will do.,PHILIPPINES,APAC
280,385833,Regularly - Every day,Frequently - Once a week,8,Il est arrivé que des mises à jour soient exécutées plusieurs fois de suite alors qu'elles sont déjà installées,It has happened that updates are executed several times in a row when they are already installed,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,Agree,Neither agree or disagree,Last 7 days,10,Je l'utilise surtout pour les mises à jour. Pour le reste je ne peux rien dire car mon PC Lenovo est toujours en parfait état de fonctionnement.,I mainly use it for updates. For the rest I can't say anything because my Lenovo PC is still in perfect working order.,"Download drivers, software or firmware updates",,,"Yes, objective complete",Savoir s'il y a des upgrades possibles,Know if there are possible upgrades,No,Yes,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,,,FRANCE,EMEA
281,385904,Regularly - Every day,Only as needed - When computer prompts,3,BIOSアップデートを安全にできるのはありがたいが課金要素が多すぎる。 日本メーカーの悪いところを凝縮してどうする。,"It's nice to be able to secure the BIOS update, but there are too many billing factors. What do you do by condensing the bad points of Japanese manufacturers?",Agree,Disagree,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,Yes,,Disagree,Disagree,こんなところに金を払う余裕はない。無料で開放してください。,I can't afford to pay for such a place. Please open it for free.,Yes,,Strongly disagree,Strongly disagree,Smart Performance と同様,Similar to Smart Performance,課金要素の廃止をしてほしい。そこで儲けたいのはわかるが、さも問題が発生しているかのように表記するような姑息な手は使わないでほしい。,"I want you to abolish the billing element. I know you want to make money there, but don't use a sloppy hand to describe it as if you're having a problem.",JAPAN,APAC
282,385946,Regularly - Every day,Frequently - Once a week,9,Ich fühle mich durch ständige Updates sicher.,I feel safe with constant updates.,Strongly agree,Agree,Agree,Neither agree or disagree,Last 7 days,Extremely satisfied,Vantage hält mich ständig auf dem Laufenden.,Vantage keeps me updated all the time.,"Download drivers, software or firmware updates",,,"Yes, objective complete",?,?,No,No,,,,,No,No,,,,,nein,no,GERMANY,EMEA
283,386183,Regularly - Every day,Only as needed - When computer prompts,0,I get prompted by lenovo to update my bios every fucking day. But for some reason no updates happen. I think because the warranty expired or something. I will not buy lenovo again. Stop bothering me.,I get prompted by lenovo to update my bios every fucking day. But for some reason no updates happen. I think because the warranty expired or something. I will not buy lenovo again. Stop bothering me.,Strongly disagree,Strongly disagree,Strongly disagree,Strongly disagree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,Yes,,Strongly disagree,Strongly disagree,,,No,No,,,,,users do not want your weird software bothering them all the time.,users do not want your weird software bothering them all the time.,ABU DHABI,EMEA
284,386191,Regularly - Every day,Rarely - Once every couple of month,8,アップデートを忘れないから,I won't forget to update,Agree,Strongly agree,Agree,Neither agree or disagree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,No,No,,,,,No,No,,,,,いつもありがとうございます,I am always grateful for your help,JAPAN,APAC
285,386249,Regularly - Every day,Frequently - Once a week,8,lets me find driver updates and lets me keep tabs on my system usage.,lets me find driver updates and lets me keep tabs on my system usage.,Agree,Agree,Strongly agree,Neither agree or disagree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,,,PHILIPPINES,APAC
286,386314,Regularly - Every day,Sometimes - Once a month,10,Regelmäßige Updates usw.,Regular updates etc.,Strongly agree,Agree,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,Last 60 days,,,,,,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,Das Gerät wurde in der Schweiz erworben. Leider war daher eine Garantieverlängerung in Deutschland nicht möglich! Im Zeitalter der Globalisierung völlig unverständlich.,"The device was purchased in Switzerland. Unfortunately, a warranty extension in Germany was therefore not possible! Completely incomprehensible in the age of globalization.",GERMANY,EMEA
287,386836,Regularly - Every day,Sometimes - Once a month,6,"Seems to be reasonably easy way to update bios and check status of the battery, etc.  The popups suggesting paying for ""smart scan"" etc seems a bit spammy.","Seems to be reasonably easy way to update bios and check status of the battery, etc.  The popups suggesting paying for ""smart scan"" etc seems a bit spammy.",Agree,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,Agree,>60 days,,,,,,,,,,Yes,,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,"Am aware of Smart Performance feature. I do not agree with what it says. I have been maintaining my own systems for over 25 years and I think I have a better idea of what to look for. It somewhat reminds me of the anti virus software which creates ""scary msgs"" warning that you have to pay or else something bad will happen.","Am aware of Smart Performance feature. I do not agree with what it says. I have been maintaining my own systems for over 25 years and I think I have a better idea of what to look for. It somewhat reminds me of the anti virus software which creates ""scary msgs"" warning that you have to pay or else something bad will happen.",No,No,,,,,I wish there were more details on the hardware status available.,I wish there were more details on the hardware status available.,SINGAPORE,APAC
288,386857,Regularly - Every day,Frequently - Once a week,10,Die Software ist sehr übersichtlich gestaltet und sehr intuitiv zu bedienen. Funktioniert einwandfrei! Ich habe mein LEGION-Notebook damit schon mehrfach mit BIOS-Updates versorgt. Insgesamt gesehen ein vorbildliches TOOL!,"The software is very clearly designed and very intuitive to use. Works flawlessly! I have already provided my LEGION notebook with BIOS updates several times. Overall, an exemplary TOOL!",Strongly agree,Agree,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,Yes,,Agree,Neither agree or disagree,,,Yes,,Agree,Agree,,,,,GERMANY,EMEA
289,386959,Regularly - Every day,Frequently - Once a week,7,"preferirei che mi fornisse un reminder che mi ricordasse di effettuare le verifiche periodi indicate, per esempio per aggionramenti di driver o bios","I would prefer that you provide me with a reminder that reminds me to carry out the checks indicated periods, for example for driver or bios updates",Agree,Agree,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,No,No,,,,,,,ITALY,EMEA
290,386996,Regularly - Every day,Regularly - Every day,10,j étais sceptique au départ je ne pensais pas que c était fiable mais maintenant je ne changerai pas de marque il est intuitif ce qui me plait c est le panneau lenevo on peut suivre les mises à jour du pc c est top merçi lenovo,I was skeptical at first I didn't think it was reliable but now I won't change brands it's intuitive what I like it's the lenevo panel we can follow the pc updates it's great thank you lenovo,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,Last 30 days,Extremely satisfied,trés contentetop,very happy top,"Download drivers, software or firmware updates",,,"Yes, objective complete",ne changer rien c top,don't change anything great,No,Yes,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,j adore mon pc,i love my pc,FRANCE,EMEA
291,387085,Regularly - Every day,Rarely - Once every couple of month,7,"Es kommen selten Meldungen, wenn mein Computer eigentlich ein Update benötigen würde.",There are rarely messages when my computer actually needs an update.,Agree,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,No,No,,,,,No,No,,,,,,,SWITZERLAND,EMEA
292,387156,Frequently - Once a week,Sometimes - Once a month,7,"Ein bis fünfmal hat sich Lenovo Vantage sich mit Windows Updates gemischt, sodass es Probleme beim installieren der Updates gab. Sonst gibt es nichts zu Bemängeln.","Lenovo Vantage mixed up with Windows updates one to five times, so there were problems installing the updates. Otherwise there is nothing to complain about.",Strongly agree,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,Neither agree or disagree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,No,No,,,,,,,GERMANY,EMEA
293,387175,Regularly - Every day,Regularly - Every day,7,always ask for system updates,always ask for system updates,Agree,Agree,Agree,Agree,>60 days,,,,,,,,,,No,No,,,,,No,No,,,,,None,None,PHILIPPINES,APAC
294,387708,Regularly - Every day,Only as needed - When computer prompts,6,ファームウェアアップデートが便利,Firmware update is convenient,Agree,Agree,Neither agree or disagree,Agree,Last 7 days,7,必要な情報のみだから,Because only the necessary information,"Download drivers, software or firmware updates",,,"Yes, objective complete",　,　,No,No,,,,,No,No,,,,,　,　,JAPAN,APAC
295,387997,Regularly - Every day,Frequently - Once a week,10,is a good tool but i didn't recive any updates in 3 or 4 months. And some features like network boost are unble to use . The app sends me to the cheking for update screen when i want to enable network boost and it tells me that there are no updates to install.,is a good tool but i didn't recive any updates in 3 or 4 months. And some features like network boost are unble to use . The app sends me to the cheking for update screen when i want to enable network boost and it tells me that there are no updates to install.,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,Strongly agree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,,,ROMANIA,EMEA
296,388426,Regularly - Every day,Frequently - Once a week,8,Findet leider nicht alle SOftware-Aktualisierungen,Unfortunately does not find all software updates,Agree,Neither agree or disagree,Agree,Neither agree or disagree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,No,No,,,,,No,No,,,,,,,GERMANY,EMEA
297,388443,Regularly - Every day,Frequently - Once a week,10,"Keeps my device updated, healthy and maintains performance levels. Very easy to use as well. Lenovo makes awesome, reliable and durable products.","Keeps my device updated, healthy and maintains performance levels. Very easy to use as well. Lenovo makes awesome, reliable and durable products.",Strongly agree,Strongly agree,Neither agree or disagree,Strongly agree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,Yes,,Agree,Agree,None,None,Yes,,Agree,Agree,None,None,None,None,SOUTH AFRICA,EMEA
298,388813,Regularly - Every day,Frequently - Once a week,7,يرجى إضافة مميزات أكثر للتحكم فى اللابتوب وتحديثه باستمرار,Please add more features to control the laptop and update it constantly,Agree,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,Neither agree or disagree,I have never tried to access technical support content within Vantage,,,,,,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,No,Yes,,,,,,,EGYPT,EMEA
